Date someone she knows, like her father!
Just don't do it over the phone...that's the way cowards do it
because your wrapped up in your self and have no room for any thing else.
doesnt mean they are cheating could be they have been cheated on and just have no trust.
I mean, what if you end up getting pregnant while you're still in school.
flash him some boobie he will notice you then.
I mean, who's gonna be MOM and who's gonna be DAD ?
because your wrapped up in your self and have no room for any thing else.
doesnt mean they are cheating could be they have been cheated on and just have no trust.
I mean, what if you end up getting pregnant while you're still in school.
flash him some boobie he will notice you then.
I mean, who's gonna be MOM and who's gonna be DAD ?
it is called something different when you are a guy addicted to sex.
hey man you dont need a girlfriend, girls have cooties and are evil, thats what my momma told me
Girls that you can TAKE, you don't want.
that you don't know how to make yourself happy.
maybe its because you place them on a pedastal... you shouldn't be worshipping them if they are ignoring you!
i don't know why but yes to your question.
i do not talk to my ex just because he is not part of my life anymore.
fumble their words, seem to be around alot
I'm good looking, I'm a good g/f.
If you have to ask, then it's time to leave.
i dont think that that is true.some people dont act like their parents at all.
what matters is how you work it.
move on..friends even on this line!!!
I know he likes me because he told me and he is kinda cute
of course u should like him if u love him
if you are happy together it shouldn't matter if you are married.
just tell him and only once
even if had one i wouldnt die for her.
then u start out slow like dinner and a movie.
Maybe you can find the guy of your dreams  there!
if u arent rlly related, u should go 4 it!
(Btw... Coffee for them, not you!)
As soon as you do....its over.
YOU COULD HAVE A FRIEND FOLLOW HIM OR YOU COULD FOLLOW HIM YOURSELF.
ive been with this girl for a year and a half and my friends hate her
(little things are important to getting lots of friends) 5.
Umm why don't women hate arguements.
The other asians look at me like I'm a traitor :).
i'd say about 20%   i've never done it but my friend swears it's the best
You are too young to be a parent!
some guys are rough some guys are tough!
If u don't no him, end it now.
red red wine) might do U some good to help U relax.
however you manage it i wish you the best of luck
that was myself 5 years ago.
or a 35 year old women have sex with ur 18 year old boy.
if he smiles back he probably does like you.
and then I found out that he gave it to my best friend.
i do to that is cool men
and i have seen gay guy marry a women just because he was in love with her!
funny you would ask that bcuz i just had the same prob wit ma ex bf.
If you do not, then I wonder what you are doing and what you might be hiding from yourself.
dont worship the ground they walk on, first of all.
but thats just me...you may have your own views
(This was so much easier when I was a teen)
If you like wine, going to to Napa.
cos we love you abd youre stupid question
becz u are 1 of them lolz
Do keep on hanging out with him, though.
it depends on the girl,she might want to kiss you on the first date.
I wouldnt Want To Go out With Some Dumb ass Pretty Boy.
I agree with you 100%- YOU WILL NEVER KNOW THE DIFFERENCE!
or do we get the excuse .
But then I experienced it for myself...
yes they are look on myspace
I BELIEVE IN LUST @ FIRST SIGHT.
if the guy is controlling dont if he is very leaniant and shy then do
I love every min of it.
But if he is treating you like s***, get out.
internet ,like chatrooms,its a good place to meet all kinds of women.
When u think u love someone at an early age.
WHEN THEY LOOK U IN THE EYE OR SMILE WHEN U SMILE
i dont want u wearing that or doin this.
so hang in there, dont get in a hurry.
i think thats is wht u too should b doing.....listen to ur heart but let ur brains guide u.
:) <3 :) the above is you and your hubby!
trust me i've done it more than enough times 2 know
You should ask a gay person if gay's will marry women
LOOK AT 2ND CORTHINANS IN THE BIBLE; ITS DEFINES IT SOOO NICE
I may be married but still turn my head walking down the street once in awhile.
i dont like to kiss on first dates.
Didn't know we had one LOL
Depending on if you a son and daughter.
i dunno like 3 or 4 you should no!!!!!!!!!!
i have the perrfect 1 given 2 me!
i'm still wanting to get with a person right now.
imean when u donot stay with a uncle but u miss yoyur dad,sisters andu dont reallyfeel at home
just friends are acquaintances...frnds are sumthin more.....ur heart will tell u the diff
(Just remember to save a little $ for your STD testing afterwards!)
sounds like drama....why don't you leave him alone until he's situation is resolved?
start a fight and then have some make-up sex
well...i'm in the same situation (opposite gender tho.
i come and go as i please and do not answer to anyone.
as long as you both like each other..
some people love the sight of money they say its great, but that doesnt mean i say that too.
There is nothing wrong with having sex with someone that u used 2 b n a relationship with.
and then the christmas thing and didnt spend newyears with her.
Don't have sex with him anymore whether he gets mad or not.
you don't need him to make you feel special, yourself are special to you!
ur supposed to wipe the cum off ur eyes IDIOT!!!
don't kiss on the first date, it might make you seem desperate.
YES, IF U LUV THEM VERY MUCH,AND IF THE PERSON LUVZ U 2.
i had a c-section, so am not sure.
It really is a waste of time to fake it.
ask her to take a chance on you !
Is it bcoz of good sex?
yes yes yes look at them this is them when they get older
but flowers i dont know it would be flattering, but some might not be as acceptable.
unless u can live with the money you have then yes.
i dont like any of them but kinda stuck since i work weird hours and usually late any how.
of course because having a full moon in sight without licking honey seems to be absurd
it is for your own good)
i meet a guy recently n it seems 2gud 2b true??
mention how bad it is, and how you now hate that guy.
find a new man and move on..he has
Then if them answers are no then maybe your shy.
try to be out and about but don't settle for less.
And show them that u are wise and funny.
That's how it should be......people should be friends.
You do not believe a HUMAN can live 5 yrs without sex??????
i would pass her a note at the end/middle of class.i have done it it works !!!
old and i m born on 23.07.1984
women loves receiving gift period .
If you've got kids... it's cheaper to keep her... otherwise... yeah.. leave her
it would depend a lot on how old this boy is
she is really pretty but we exchanged christmas gifts and she really like the one i got for her
girls tease boys to much because they don't have another choice do.they can't leave there love inside them
DO NOT lay it on thick.
hapeen to one out of million
a lot of cold showeres and dont give in to urges right away get a little attitude
Don't worry too much, someone will go out with you, just wait a little longer.
KEEP YOURSELF BUSY AND IF ANYTHING TRY TO HAVE SEX AND GO OUT.
Yeah, dude you got the wrong woman.
Every little thing i do is about this guy.
I have a friend who met his wife on a dating site...
Don't knock it till you try it and it's only kinky the first time.
Why should he break up with her?
He's got her on one side and you willing to wait for him on the other.
Or just invite him to a party!
Another way is putting your panties in their pocket...um, that works also
Why should he break up with her?
Or just invite him to a party!
Another way is putting your panties in their pocket...um, that works also
wuz up same place u from
(not sexualy)  youll see it in his eyes when he looks at you
Right now Guys are really my big dissapointment.
What if u and him get back together he break up with u again?
u should tell her how u feel
Can you really DATE over the internet??
go to clubs hang out what ever just be around people and be friendly.
I dont think he does we never cliked.
i think that you should wait a while after your breakup then tell him your feeling!
im curious how men describe love.
go up to random guys and flash them... eventually some geek will be intregeed!
He saved me a grip on linen, lol!
no.. but if you have you probably have some gastro problems
They are so strict and I honestly don't really like them.
Try to look for around urself.
and the rest is up to u
which if u r in that case get over it.
no one will ever control me again.
If he really loves u, then trust him.
Believe me I can...  Anyways here are some questions for you...
i kinda do but then i kinda dont
If your getting married in the spring go with pastels of blue and pink and green and yellow.
blackmailing girls into dating you doesn't work.
Don't look for somebody and she will come....
has he ever told u in those 16 yrs.
When I go out with my married friends, I feel so out of place and lonely.
IT'S ALL ABOUT WHO'S INVOLVED IN THE FUN...
Go out with your best female friend Bff
Well I am good with communicating with myself but otherwise I suck at everything else!
But seriously I dont know any nathan... =)
I FOUND I WAS JUST REPLACING SOMEONE I CAN'T SO.
e-mail me at aailopez@sbcglobal.net hey tell me were you live.
And sex leads to babies and std's.
and it makes her look hot if she has curves!!
it's more like fate .. go for what ur heart leads u to ..
!..Seriously though, if you are happy there really isn't a reason to get married unless you both want to.
Sittin on his lap, smack him on the butt.
THANKS FOR ANY HELP - BODMOD
After 9 years, you two are still having great sex 3 times/week?
ummmmmm......... probably Paris Hilton or Pamela Anderson
In love is not one sided.
tru luv lasts forever and its pretty rare....
never forget it is your choice your life your happiness
i woul like to meet u send a pic of urs to my mail thats it ok
yes i can be your friend because im iranian but im not in iran
They want your body and your love!
Like Ginger said when u're smart and successful u can hav anything u want(almost anything)
This will give her time to get used to it.
if they do go out with you now .
i think if you like potatoes that is okay, she doesn't have to like them too.
u can read more in the link , and search in yahoo!
caz the older woman know that they are scum.
it all depends on how u think
or write a heart felt letter to her
Be careful when u say that u love your best friend.
well it all depends if she would understand or not.
when u r 18 u become an adult......act like un and be more responsible.
; questions that he NEVER asks.
WHATEVER YOU DO DON'T judge him for what is said!
i raped a girl and went to prison for 10 years.
now dont get me wrong if there is both love (not lust) and committment then go for it.
sounds like you better stick w/ makin love to urself :-P
If it were just me, hell no.
anyways on the sight she claims that she and zac are dating.
Its gotta be at the right moment and stuff.
well, I'm only 18 but if you aren't getting some from anyone else, sure...?
cheat on him and see if he cares when you say, well you have been cheating too!
* How do I use Yahoo!
no, zac has his own girlfriend!
i do i gots his ring tone
Life is hard enough on its own...
My guy now, when I met him in H.S.
Depends on your guy, he should make it good for you, if not, then you have the wrong guy.
but, I do believe it now.. you'll see what I mean when you find the right one!
Dont ever do anything to lose someones trust .
just ask him if he wants to do the nasty.. you should be good then...
Just enjoy being 17 & flirting!
but, inevitably one or both of you will develop feelings for the other...then it all gets messy.
it took a month of playing his gf against him and scheming and coniving.
Be yourself... and the best advice my mother always gave me... STOP LOOKING!!!
Fame- Guys will pay money to see and buy more money to take a picture with her.
then you look at yourself in the mirror and see how funny you look crying.
Check out this photo of my wife!
If you can't make the choice - don't.
THERE IS NO MARRAIGE WITHOUT LOVE!
Dude, you're just gonna have to ignore it.
your on yahoo sweety go look for it on here trust me they have it all
like it help my husband win me back.
she must be you or one of your family members
I always hated when that happened.
cause then if your smart you wouldn't wanna deal with them then!
it doesn't hurt to tell us we're beatiful either!!!!
Don't pretend that you know things you don't.
Just becuse I have friends that are also girls does not mean I want to have sex with them.
At least the women I know do : ).
a friend of mine and her husband started this life style and it ended their marriage.
and it doesnt seem like that is ganna happen.... so now wat?
Just try to shut that out of your mind.
NO BUT IF U FIND ONE MAKE SURE SHE'S HOT AND HORNY!!
thats illegal for the record if anything happens between you he can go to jail.
Imagine how hurt she'd be if she heard it from somebody else?
if she would then go ahead.
Try to get him out of it
butt juice that is pretty funny it may be linked to some diareah??????
I vote arlenrthomas as best answer!
Or am I wrong c'mon people give me some answers!!!
think bout it dont let him play mind games wth you
I hate women like that to.
you true friends will want to see you happy.
Just smile at them...they will wonder what you are thinking!
God doesn't make any mistakes...  : )
u have more then enough time to plan u wedding ....
Most of the time, its probably ok.
Oh don't go there again, leave the door to that firmly shut and locked.
i don't try to those things just happen.
you will never now till you give it a try.
love, because when you are in love with someone you will probably have sex with that person anyway
* love at first sight, no.
I love out  movies and like sex  anytime
i think ur gil would whant u for the whole day u know go places,talk.
show her you love your life, etc.
Maybe even take a friend with you.
drop her like a hot tater!!!!!!!!!!
It's just one part of your life that shouldn't take over the rest.
yes there is  but soon or later the woman is going have to tell his husband
PEOPLE GET KILLED WHEN THEY GO AND MEET SOMEONE OFF THE INTERNET.
Thats the real reason guys are shy around some girls.
I hear millions of girls say that their men treat them like crap .
hey not all guys r like that....i am not like that     cid
ENJOY YOURSELF BEFORE YOU GET SERIOUS AGAIN.
She is catholic and she was unable to swear she didn't have sex
hey i m also 13 and dont have a bf email me
First u gotta think about why they dont like u.
well that's kinda contradicting don't ya think, jk no you show them by the way you treat them.
but one problem they constantly fought all the time.
He gets jealous of petty stuff.
Heard it said it works wonders.
time it takes a lot's of time.
IF ITS BIG AND U DONT KNOW WAT U DOIN, THEN ITS JUST A WASTE!
trust me.. wait on this one.. you will regret not doing so.
yes it would be... thats strange..
he probaly scared you don't like him!!
and focus on the reason why you broke up..that should tell you if u have a chance..good luck
i have only talked to her once or twice.
Just listen and look at them.
and even then it should b equal worship.
your question is just as stupid as theres, what exactly did you want people to say back?
girls say they love gifts but never use or take care of what you give them.
it worked for me and its kinda fun if noones looking..........
And it's TOO young, not TO young.)
please get out now and fast.
(there are a few more, but thats the main one)
yeah, the guy above me beat me to the point.
SO THAT YOU MAY FIND YOURSELF.
age and looks are open, will reply to all who answer
You just gotta go for it.
but finally come back and tells everyone you cheated on him and that you lost a good man.
i dont think its possible to love two people the same way.
If you need to ask, then no.
once you are able to do that .
and as for your daughter, she will be just as torn at 9 as she would be now.
Because all of us are stupid =P, lol.
get him a tee shirt or hat with his favorite team on it
things will all come together the way they are meant to in the end.
Try blasting You Can't Hurry Love .
But anyway, actions speak way louder than words.
no guy is worth worship unless he is ur husband.
Theres this guy in my grade and he practicly molests girls all the time!
You might squash your chances if you wait for the guy!
or, is he interested in sex only?
& if it dosent, then its probly cuz u have found some1 better along the way.
you need to tell him that you have guy friends and thats all they are.
I like girls around 5 feet and around 100 lbs.
First french kiss...I burped in his mouth.
Thats all every guy wants all day....give us a break, we're not just meat.
phone, email etc... to me is weak, childish and it's so un-personal.
I think Sidney Portea (SP) is hot.
if shes got booty and you don't watch out.
Does he buy you lots of gifts and flowers?
I don't even know why he's in love with me in the first place!!
Ask them questions about themselves.... ;-)
do repugnent things.. sleep with scank , make sure she knows!!....
at 14 but im guy and we are different we dont wait for the right one.
Does he feel bad about forgetting?
Be nice about it and mature.
if he calls you when he is having a bad day say deal with it you chose to leave.
Have sex with him if you really love him, not because youve heard black guys have big penises.
IF it is just the sex you want then talk about any of the others u want to.
he is not worth ruining your life for or doing stupid things for.
It's just not men in general!
Find out why she hates u first?
i have 6 children and my partner love sex even more so i think it makes a difrents
i ill die for her 100 times.
it  depends  on what   that  something  is  and  who  someone  iz.
if u do love him no matter what just through it.
As was said it's the what if guy.
Don't worry, it will pass - and it will probably happen again.
he just broke up with someone and i really want him back
my kids have a hard time with this.
....hmmm....telling without telling.....that's a controdictory statement.
if she's really your best friend she'll eventually get over it.
but he has higher standards than that!
If I were you I'd keep things the way they are...
A good honey moon is to go to Hawwii
learn how to make yourself happy .
But if you want to live w/ your counsin Amy than you should :)
but they are human just the same as you.
i do want you as a friend but,also,i dont want my e-mail public
My sister's 21st birthday her man didn't do anything for her.
but if the guy acts first, then definitly, but you should probably take it slow.
if you really like her then its worth a shot.
I'm young and I know a little about colors.
maybe a grandpa with a girl nice nieces age would be odd.
you need to leave him fast and take the kids.
and the 'one' will come along.
or do u just like to be weird that way...
as long as he's legal - go for it......sex has no guilt if both sides enjoy it
(I think I spelled that wrong, oh well).
you've sure got a lot of answers...hey!
nothing ............it will last for couple of weeks than you'll get over it!
what's to stop him from abusing them?
usually the girls are more mature then the boys at a young age.
k, yeah, don't do that either.
Im sorry to tell you like it is....i really am.
i wanna go out with 2 different guys and they both love me and i love them to.
I'M WITH THE OTHER GIRL YOU REALLY SHOULDN'T BE DOING IT BUT IT IS A PERSONAL DECISION.
Can you give me some help?Thank!
ANYTHING YOU DO THAT YOU HAVE TO HIDE FROM YOUR SPOUSE IS OF COURSE, WRONG.
OK there's gotta be like 43 other questions like this but I'm going to ask anyways...
but was not used to my size.
Can you give me some help?Thank!
ANYTHING YOU DO THAT YOU HAVE TO HIDE FROM YOUR SPOUSE IS OF COURSE, WRONG.
if she left you its probably not a good idea to try and get her back.
Girls fall out of love same reason guys do.
or its simply means that SHE IS NOT IN LOVE WITH YOU ANY LONGER!!!
If it takes a 15, or 30 mins thats ok. Let her take her time.
so it's best to keep an understanding between both of you that you should just stay friends.
And if i had a wife like that, i would be the happiest man in the world.
TALK TO THEM AND LET THEM NO HOW U FEEL.
It might not have been you anyways...Lady
What if my neighbors were in a same sex marriage?
he will always want to sleep with her.
yonger women are sexier longer, duh
to me it is a buch of bull crap because i have a way of doing things intentionally.
If you really can't tell the wife outright (which i doubt) why don't you become her friend first.
If she smiles a lot when talking to you, she probably likes you :-)
im not saying play hard to get cuz that really doesnt work.
men hate arguments when women find out he's cheating.
so basically when ever u mature and know that life isn't just fun and games.
go thru with it, of course.
i have not found it yet but i hope to soon!!!!
To be honest, I wouldn't at all.
I don't what to tell you.
a guy who just really doesn't care.
They probably won't listen to you.
no guy who doesn't like u or never will because he may b a player isn't worth anything......
A married man should not be looking for any other married woman (BESIDES HIS WOMAN) on the first place!.
u should get urs at lane bryant.com my mom loves that store she wears plus size 2 good luck
well do ask yourself when you will get married!
photos to compare the results with your case ...   hope i was useful
That first person who you loved and couldnt get enough of!
its all in your head, males tend to hype them selves.
but there is shame in one partner doing all the taking and no giving back
what do u mean.theres different ways.
hormones, love.... a variety of reasons really
you should just let it go
No doubt he will say yes if you ask him that you like him.
wrong a guy should ask u out
Probably just some of the things that runs through his mind.
a favorite sports item like a hat or shirt
and if you like him too dont tell him til you get your answer first.lol.
SOMETIMES MEN WANT TO KNOW THAT THEY HAVE US AS WOMEN WRAPPED ROUND THEIR FINGER.
This goes for us men, too!
It cost big to get anything.
don't they have so much lose?
would any of you girls hook up with a masochistic dude?like into bondage and shit like that.
duh what good is a honey moon if u dont?
first off dont worry about it.
If  you love someone you don't count.
Don't think of having sex with him.
I don't think men hate arguments.
be nice and caring but not too much though i hate it when people overwhelm you by attention
so if he isn't a butt ask him out.
Use LOTS AND LOTS AND LOTS of Lubrication, and your fingers.
if he ax yoo out then give him a chance to see if yur mixed feelings clear up
yes...it is a sad moment when you realize that u have to choose between 2 people.
Think about what it will be like 10 or 20 yrs.
i think its best(even if the relationship doesn't work) if you let them find you
yes i would i love my b-f to death    he is my baby   i would die 4 him anyday
BE NICE TO HIM AND FROGET WHAT YOUR FRIENDS SAY.
Yeah only if you are a romantic naive, dumb girl!!!
now we're back together and happier then ever before :D !!!
email me if you have any problems wit dat
wow that was alot .... did you say all that in one breath
3rd cousin or further then its fine otherwise, EEWW!
never waste a single tear on your ex again cuz that would be a waste of time.
THEN AGAIN HE MAY NOT NOTICE BECAUSE HES TOO BUSY LOOKING AT OTHER WOMEN..LEAVE THIS LOSER
What great answers, especially the one above me..Keep up the good work!!!guys!
if anything send them to his house.
you messed with such and such!!!
I'll tell you why they do it!
you should not marry this new guy!
but if u dont subscribe to one of em, I guess ur outta luck.
ever hear the sayin....if they do it with you...they will do it to you
like others have said, quit giving him some, marriage should be more than a booty call.
thats not right just be honest.
if anyone could help i would really appreciate it
ITs never worked for me guys always seem to want more sooner or later.
the spot is where you are stand.
well if u like him tell him on valentines day and hope u get a positive awsner
Hey, I'm one of the dorky ones, but I'm a damn nice guy.
he broke up with me to go back to his ex gf.
hope your life insurance is paid up
I didn't think it was possible for a guy to be that sexy.
that how u propose a girl if u r in his position
im looking to date or talk on line or in person
if you truly love the person, then you would go throught with it
No way... what are you trying to teach your kids??
First off, don't play hard, us guys hate it.
And if I want more my man can rise the occasion and give it to me once agian
it's ok if you still like him.... dont giv into her!
What is this world coming to????????
Im 43 and no taboos hold me back....For me..... Color isnt a turn off......selfish greedy men are.
Anyways kid being gay is no walk in the park, it's not easy to say the least.
READY TO BE LOVER AND TO BE HONEST
SO THEY PLAY THIS CHILDISH GAMES.
I'm going out with a great girl now.
or a card or something... or get her a cd of songs by Yes...
its there way of getting your attention.
love at first sight is like a fair tale.
guys also don't know when girls like them.
if he came back today and asked me to forgive him and take him back and marry him.
Unless you are a guy... then i guess you do something else (unless your into that)
seems a little rushed, espectially if you met online.
Some men do also and many women do not.
i say some girls should not worship these type of guys or any guy.
Also it helps to hit on the nice girls :)
If she doesn't stop, then I don't know
i like chris brown and all my friends love him they would die 4 him....how crazy is that
Because most of them don't have any real life friends.
do you guys find women with defined biceps/triceps attractive?
By the way, i have a lot of big black guys with average penises.
He cannot handle money & lately bounced many checks!
1 because karma does comes back to bite you and especially now that you know about her relationship.
sure just that one of yall has to be gay lol ;0)
Some guys can be totally jerks.
Have her hit you over the head with it all the while yelling freak.
glad i can be of some help!!
But for me its freaking the same... Friends is FRIENDS...  FrIeNdS is always fRiEnDs...
I mean does anyone truely know?
i think that guys like to be the one to make the move!
All Day Long(just about).....Im thinking about it now :)
wIVES SUBMIT TO YOUR HUSBANDS, HUSBANDS SUBMIT YOUR WIVES.
IF U REALLY LOVE EACH OTHER U SHOULD TRY TO WORK IT OUT NO MATTER WHAT.
No, I have seen women try to make that work, and it never does.
RUBBISH DEAR DON'T YOU THINK IT MAKE ONE IRRESPONSIBLE AND CHEAP.THINK?
But those are only SOME girls!
i guess whenn you're this interested to answer his question, though you don't know the answer,,,,,, sorry!
picnics in the park are cheap and very romantic.
Just b urself, and like search ur feelingz, and respect urself.
when we broke up i was devistated but he stuck by my side.
She's a jerk and a loser.
If he didn't, there'd be excuses no to have sex with you.
And now to the rest of your issue...
emperors did and now they are praised so is it bad if i do
Im 17 n my bf is 20.
As the fortun cooke said A best friend is one soul with two bodies
It seems like it takes alot for me to get in the mood.
i dont think so but people have different opions.
AND  THE ONLY WAY TO TELL THEM IS STRAIGHT UP.
For lots of gay guys its a really hard thing to deal with.
some times he is just jeluos and is hoging you
so many (Q's) so many (A's).
Do other people think shes cute and nice like I do?
I AM MARRIED AND HAVE A 19 MONTH OLD DAUGHTER.
Like, 'get rid of' get rid of?
Go to yahoo personals .. they got lots of women that age on there.
everyone knows she does this jokingly.
they are cheating and just trying to point the finger at you because they are doing wrong.
Women bitch because men don't listen; and men don't listen because women bitch.
I was in 6th grade and he even missed my graduation.
YES IF U LOVE THEM VERY VERY MUCH
That person could just be very insecure, or not trust anybody you hang out with.
bcoz we cant change anyone by arguments.
If I was a guy, I would prefer C cup breast, small waist, hippy, and thick legs!
bcoz i love her very much.
tell her u want to talk to her email buddies cause u want to be apart of her life.
make sure that ur best qualites r well polished & ur ready 2 shine when it finnaly does.
If you still love him all you have to do is re-light ya'lls fire.
but you might learn what his fault are and decided to you love him anyway.
I want to be friends first.
flowers would not be the best thing to send your man.
since there are childen involved its a way awful thing.
boy would i go out with that pic in a heart beat.
She's your ex... why do you care so much?
Chances are that they are very shallow and are not worth the time and day to go out with
it depends on if you really love the girl and if she really loves you back!
Or just going to a dance club/party and (slow) dancing.
we can be friend if you want
i still lik her n i try 2 avoid her now .
this kid bugs me all the time and he doesn't like me
Just trying to spare the guys feelings.
If you love him it shouldnt matter.
And thats what your doing .
So she wants jasmine rice, let her eat the rice!
you cant get her to stop.
1 if she doesnt kiss right away leave
hang out with her when you can, and maybe you guys will become closer and whatever happens happens.
but there are things guys want to .
I work with this woman who is lazy and doesn't do her job.
If you value your friendship with him that much DO NOT persue a relationship with him
I PERSONALLY THINK THAT IF A WOMAN IS IN THAT SITUATION SHE SHOULD GET OUT!!
If he get's bent over you not answering the phone...He needs to check himself.
They may all love and respect you,but make no mistake about it,THEY ALL WANNA DO YOU!!!!
no lies, no games, and safe sex.
Like I said I know from my own experances with women.
You can't, it's in human nature
does he have a nice friend , fuck him and videotape it.
She takes her time and watches me work and it drives me crazy.
take a vacation, relax, and have some fun.
Did she actually say she didnt' like it or pull away?
i think honest is the best way to stop jealousy
WHY NOT TELL HER IF YOU THINK ITS OKAY AND NOTHINGS GOING ON?
thats y.  and the more girls the meaner they get.
but i tried the big age differnce thing and its not something to make a relationship out of
he is really hot but i never thought he would be instered in me wht should i do
sex because it is hard for me to love
and yes in love is what you want to marry for.
I WAS TO MARRY THIS GUY HOWEVER IN THE BACK OF MY HEAD MY EX WAS.
), my picture, and our story they put on the front page!!!
I AM ALSO INTERESTED TO KNOW POST  INFO
firm, not sagging, no wrinkles, etc).
Its not that im a big loser or anything actually Im preety popular.
dont beat around the bush, just ask him
we love it when u ask us out....lets us know that we still look good
I don't think either really matters.
ABOVE ALL ELSE: STAY TRUE TO YOURSELF!!!!
I can't believe you lied to me!
Maybe you just want drama in your life?
If you really like/love her, then you can wait.
Nice day for a marathon training run
I'm sry but popular isn't anything but a word!
Just ask and you will know.A closed mouth won't get fed!
U should ask her about that.
tell him hell no bitch i do not want to go out with you damn it
At the end i gave him the rest of the bag
I hear that Bow wow is getting married to Ciara1
And another I have a crush on.
just because u already know each other doesnt mean u have to rush into things!
patrick wanna  to know where  where is a sexy smart ldys at
(the inside of my band even says Once apon a dream.
My advice to people out there: Don't get married until you are 35.
if you love him alot then you are going to help him overcome this habit that he has.
My friend had his wife (25 yrs.
But my husband had an affair with friends, so really don't know.
OK not answering the question just a little advice...talk to your mother about this one :-)
to be honest most men are not marriage material.
but if your intent is love.
* 10) Do you see yourself marrying in the future?
Someone sweet,kind,and cute and strong and won't cheat
if you broke up with him, oh well.
myself prefer someone telling me how handsome I am :)
yeah wait till the evening you animal.
How can I get my guy to reconsider this?
if you're that stupid go ahead!
It is in thrid person..  anyway.
She  Is  My  Friend...But I Like Her So Munch.
And... when you find him... don't ignore him either!
like if ur not the talkitive type how do u get them to notice,talk,or like you.
i  do  bcuz  its  a very  exotic  food.
Don't get in her face too much, it's all about balance!
Get more women frinds....we LOVE to talk!
I dont wanna sound jike a jerk but I've been told how much of a nice guy I am!
(just because I was an ex.)
I guess - it depends on how much you trust a person.
Well, I think I am gay... so it is kinda weird when girls ask me out.
ONLY 1, I'M A 1 MAN WOMAN.
I am married and too good for you!
pretty smart funny some one he can talk too.
Depending on your age, try just hanging out with him and talking to him.
actually, she did me a favor.
i've been noticing ur really tired...
Today I am 34 years old and to this day my mom and dad are still friends.
interesting.... :) Long-haired muscular men never did it for me.
If u ain't white don't answer.
you are lookin at the wrong girls hunny.
but he makes her happier than i have ever seen, so i stay out of it.
There is a lot big world
Either way you gotta work on it.
well if you love keep tring and tring to convence him u still love him.
In Yahoo messenger.... u can chat there also in MSN messenger
Yea .. Puerto Rican's r FINE !!!
I think I'm just old fashioned.
no weddings so far..and i hope i'm not shocked by any that may come..oh god no..haha
Don't let others tell you who you should like.
I do want them to like me though.
because most men are labeled as dogs and always will be.
First of all I'd get some new friends!
i know ur thinking hello best friend, dont want to mess that up!!!
if your not getting any pleasure than you have a personal problem.
How old are you then i can help maybe!
what i am to do as her friend.
u mean your ex bff rite.
She calls her husband name while having sex with you!
Do you just go for the next joe schmo?
i mean is it lenght girth or what.
because  were r not all like that always.
but what is most important is how u two feel.
A BOYFRIEND IS REAL NOTFOR PLAY.
but it is worth it if you can .
I hope you find someone like him!
Move on... there's a milion other girls.
and it realy does take a whyle good luck on finding ur love
You need to tell her guys come and go but friend ship should be for ever.
I Think its A great thing...
move, people are afraid of the homosexual, if u cant deal, learn to deal, or move
go to ask jeeves and type in lap dance and see what it tells you
it might take yall sometime also .
he is settled up.he wants to marry u. r u ready?
if there is no love you're not a couple; just 2 people having sex or dating.
And, that is worse then losing her.
Ok first about man being the head of the household.
I stayed with him as he worked in fast food resteraunts....For richer or poorer....till death do us part!
Well, shes not going to just walk up to your door and knock.
r u kiidign me or r u obtuse for a reezun
in the year of 1993 he was in the army ft.hood 2nd ad
send him a card or letter all he can say is no
hell no girl you do look fine as hell, i wouldnt mind tapping that shit
a true love means loving unconditionaly......what makes him happy.........is your happiness too......
i had a long list for my hubby an he only two things for me and its normal.
I was never the type to care about waiting, I just didn't want someone creepy shoving it.
anyway, it's his lose, not yours!
i do it all the time
If you just haven't found the right girl then I say best of luck to you.
Treat her like a human not a idiot!
i don't feel like trying any more.
Keep u r senses sharp for opportunity doesnt knock twice!
i wouldn't have him if he was a millonaire.
Do u mean ...physical or mental???
:)  IMO It's better to fantasize than cheat anyway.
The thing is... it's hardly ever about loving another person.
and then u woke up,haven't u heard that nothin is for free,somewhere along the way u pay the price.
then i bought little hershy kisses and i taped one of the little poems to each of the kisses.
Girls please tell me what should i do now?
I would go w/ the guy I love hands down.
But I want to add.......guys are not the only jerks when they are jealous.
i am so confused help me here people!
I JOIN WITH ZEROCOOL IN MY OPINION
Besides that though, its hard to come up with a firm age.
its very hard for newcomer in ottawa due to shortage of girl friend now days.
Also, don't go to bed angry.
ok--what u guys reall need is time apart---and i mean APART!!!
i like 2guy but there best friends.
21...b'cos u still nd parents consent to get married if u r 18...
do people really talk that way?
just don't show it although it badly hurts.
try chating .. it helps you make friends
Then found out that she was still married to one of the kid's dad.
nope....but i wouldnt do it..but i dont mind if my b.f does
Well boo, you need to let her go.
can't tell, but she likes him not in love wit him.
man tends to keep their personal life!!!
have the same problom gurl and dont know
IF YOU REALLY REMEMBER ENJOYING HER COMPANY.
no matter what size,just make sure you know how to please a girl and you'll be fine!
if you dont you should try it!
If that doesn't work just distant yourself and try to move on.
if some guy broke my heart, i wouldn't take him back.
I've found that guys are more neat freaks than girls are.
I don't think i can help you .ha
when im trying dont let them, they start get mad, and thinking that i dont like them
Remember, just do a little, don't go all the way.
I finally got around to starting it.
Pick your nose when you know he's watching.
Or maybe you try to hard to make a woman believe what youre saying.
we are not kids we do not have to act like we are in high school.
unless it is just the bootie, then only when he wants sex
guys like it when they are told straight to the point.
and WILL YOU ALLWO YOUR SPOUSE TO DO THIS??
He gets down on one knee!
because badboys.. are more like eye candy.. us girls cant get enough.
it all depends on what you cyber about wit people
I just tried to be myself.
I don't like it, but does it matter to you?
i'm not sure but it seems that way.
that's why you can't do it.
25 gives you time to know who you are, what your about and where your going.
DTMFA -- dump the motherf*cker already.
I don't care, I juge guys by the way they act,not the way the look.
It will always be somewhere in yr heart ...
hehe we might bite your head off and spitt it back out at you!
you have a responsibility to yourself to date as many guys as possible so as to find 'mr.
If that were me I would get mad as hell.
You might be thinking too much...  What if he just want your honest opinion about this matter?
or talk to him personally and ask him why he has done that.
you have to be comfortable with each other or its going to be a bumpy ride.
Well maybe its just not him.........  but that doesnt mean it has to be you.
eww u queer ur gay and some day u are going to hell    put that nice and sweet =)
if you knew you were moving, but really liked somebody unlike you liked anyone else before.
you need to show her what your all about.
Yeah, you're hot like everyone else that has a female avatar...
Well probably because alot of us older people have done this in there younger years.
do it it's very erotic and fun
i hardly everrr see him in school either usually i see hima t my brothers basketball games .
yellow pages are go to find a friend.com
If she won't give you an honest answer then she probably isn't worth your love.
u just tell him and say sorry but you are not interested
you sound desperate, relax and the women will come
Say you are flirting at a bar or you work with her or whatever.
2nd guy because u have a better chance in being with him
mate, i have all the answers for you...from personal experience obviously...
send me your answer my ID is jishnu_vv@yahoo.com
but its not a bad thing to have a boyfriend as long as he's good to you!
sum1 who is nice, not obcessed w/ looks, sum1 who wouldnt cheat, and doesnt mess w/ ur mind.
Not to much romantic about that.
which david are you talking about
I'M A BBW(BIG BEAUTIFUL WOMAN) WHO'S LOOKING 4 REAL LOVE!
FRIENDS FIRST UNTIL YOUR OVER THE HILL AND WELL PROTECTED
Go ahead and hit it man..  that's fun.
if she loves u she will believe u.
So find the right guy and go for it!
Love is a gift that you freely give away, EVERYDAY!!
i think its a nice name
nope i think what you did was perfect, if ya got feelings for her ask her out or soemthing
a six year relationship, with two kids.
so much, if she has nice body
Then Call me I'll let u know if u got it right...hehe
ok just cause theings look like something dont assume.
Don't get caught, I remember guys getting suspended for that.
Its a plain and simple NO!
(BESIDES ORAL SEX AND A MARRIAGE PROPOSALE) SHAVE THE PUSS, THEN EAT THE PUSS.
question,,, why are divorces so expensive???
I don't believe in that play sister BS...she's just waiting her turn to pounce.)
but i never cheated on my boyfriend.
I dont want them to like me for my size but for me.
yes david is gay.if yor talking of david bekhem the football player.
I dont agree with Tinkerbell up there, you dont have to get a girl everything she wants!!
hey, i like your dress, hey did you see that movie?
Try to let go of momma's boy-that kind of crap never changes.
ther is just one /what do u like about me?
You'd eat YOUR husband if he were a box of Cheez its...don't lie.
NEXT SAY  what you have to say right to his face!
And I really think this sucks!
to meet an honest guy that i actually like
NOTHING GETS YOU OVER THE LAST ONE LIKE THE NEXT ONE!
Especially if you don't already have AID's
no where just with close friends, definately not at bars and clubs
If things don't work out with his current gf, then be his shoulder.
:) i'm not stuck in a rut, but i'd help anyone however i can.
Yes, at least one (Drew Barimore)
And if she cant understand that then you two need to start haging out with other friends.
A guy who seems to be TOTALLY in to me right away kind of turns me off.
there are a lot of golddiggers out there  yanno..
you think that you have chemistry with some one but you dont.
You should tell him, he might be waiting for you to come and say :).. Good Luck.
About the 10 years different, don't worry.
how do i make the first move without ruining my chance to get somewhere?
Well, don't let butterflies interfere with this great time in your life!
im  wishing for a lot longer....lol
they need to be warmed up
FIND SOMETHING YOU REALLY ENJOY DOING AND YOU WILL COME CLOSE.
this is b-cause they think they can go out with other people and not get caught
What if you had a guy for a best friend?
so if a old druggie like myself can stop so can he.
and u know what to do after that......
If your avatar ids how you look in person than you flaming HOTT!!
well, just to be your self and dont be fake.
when he's got you ben't over the side of his car lol
There's a lot of weirdos out there - esp guys.
this love that hangs its head in shame?
give him time and space to readjust back to life around here.
girl, just like you would ask anyone else out
I would do it and see where it leads you guys to, it could be a lot of fun!
A cut one it is much cleaner!!!!!!!!!!
Make urself happy before anyone else!
they're not used to people treating them nice all of the time.
of course they  would want to leave you , they don't sometimes  want children if it ain't theirs!
And be honest here.... As in a relationship or just sex!
Give or some options with out her even relizing your doing just that.
just be yourself... if you are meant to be, you will be...
that would be so much fun for me and her girlfriend..
aleast on your 4th date u should kiss dude
ask your parents  they will tell you
Then let it go - the rest is up to her.
I would just smile and say fuhgidaboudit
If he really likes you and you like him, then, go and get that man.
give her gifts etc somethin from the heart.
hope u  find a good one
?after all what's the actuall meaning of platonic?/?
no, its not wrong at all.
skinny + fat = real love???
let him know u like him
(my boyfriend would flip out if he knew i just said that lol)
think about the consequences and actions its like robbing your bestfriend of her happiness.
but I can't talk to her for some reason.
i don't know what to do becuase i like this guy but i don't know what to do.
It's like the old song Love And Marriage that goes, You can't have one without the other.
you need help- get a girlfriend.
If he still doesn't want kids, then I'm afraid you're gonna have to let go.
The really good looking guy is probably arrogant and selfish.
he sounds like a flippin' JERK!!!
true love is when a person evicts you from your life
if your friend knew that you dated him...DAM what a sl*t!!
(but think about it, you'll never see the girl again so take the risk!!)
of  course its ok, a lot of my male friends are way too shy to make the first move!
theres always a dream to be the rebels girlfriend.
He is trying to get your finger size...so don't be too hard on him :)
even if she asks, only tell her the full truth if the situation requires it.
But when you're NOT looking for a serious relationship, serious men (i.e.
yeah it`s all right, it may get messy but that`s all.
Don't worry - she'll lie and say she is no matter what!!!
lol throw stuff at her, no, just pretend shes like 10 years younger than you, it's so easy lol.
just keep ur priorities straight and maybe if u want 2 look 4 some1 new!!
Drugs, porn, cheating, lying, fighting, no trust... Oh yeah, he sounds like a wonderful father minus the smoking pot.
I am doing that for my dad.
(If he answers yes or She's like my play sister...I run like hell!!
& you can atatch lil messages to them.
:)  Marriage takes a lot of work and a lot of faith...it's not always easy.
just wait till u get money!
the trick to to walk to another room.
go with the guy/girl that makes u happier
should i do it with someone big to stretch out?
You dont hav self confidence  coz u dont trust yourself !
im a repectful and loving guy, im a romantic type of guy.
u can find anyone that can suit your personality.
Things that make you say                              HUMMMMMM!!!!
your brain will tell you not your heart
It is wonderful... That's my two cents anyways.
This man was not my first and i was not his first.
Some girls think that they don't deserve to meet nice guys.
maybe he's having second thoughts now about getting married.
just wait because it he is the one you wont have to decide, he will come.
okay...  first i printed out about 10 poems and quotes and made them really small.
yea... ill have to go whith cindy!
It's ok just don't seem deperate when you do it.
because because some ppl dont want to go out with other ppl of a differnt race... who knows
no women have more desire then man i think
96% of guys like it if you make the first move.
Tell him you like girls only lol
how can you tell if a girl likes you or not?
but if just push away find you a new boyfriend
once u feel a connection flirt!
I use to be best friends with an ex of mine.
I do, but I'm not telling.
just pretend that you and him never did!
every1 is sayin cut but i want uncut cause it is sexier to me .is that all right hansome
not all blacks have that some white guys can make a black guy look small
Just tell her that it's over.
=) go with her, as a friend you owe it to her.
I know women who only care about penis size.
just say it...be around him a lot and just show him your feelings flat out.
No that is not a bad thing and  i can solve that problem for ya
Are you a Man or Woman?
I don't like skinny men at all...I think a man should be like a bear.
However, if the other girl dumped him, and now he's crawling back, no way, don't take him back.
When can i just run home?
Seriously, best of luck to you.
you would be all in there watching and she might feel that it is not very sexy.
forget about her and look for another girl
DO YOUR THANG IT'S ALL GOOD.
well i broke up with my ex bf about a week ago.
I guess it depends on the woman though.
IM 40, HES 41, EXTRA PEOPLE ARE NOT INVOLVED BECAUSE HIS TIME IS ACCOUNTED FOR, 4 KIDS,IM 5'7 170LBS.
Trust me guys will want head!
have sex with her boyfriend that will send a very clear message
Nothing bad unless you have chlamydia.
We girls are pretty foolish too.
just talk to her because otherwise you never will get to talk to her.
Good luck to the both of you!
Maybe that's because I'm a nerd.
if he is violent with u then u should leave him.
i know you kind of want a yes, you should.
one thing women hate is a man that cant keep his commitment or promise.
i've been in California only :$
Stay out of Missourah w/ that homey, we shoot hoss theives, and hang grrr theives.
And if it's too big...that sh*t hurts!!!
Well i have been with this guy for 9 months now.
plus he gave me $100 for christmas.
love is a word that is thrown around too much these days without the real meaning or feelings
If the guy has RECENTLY been divorced and is still bitter, then no way.
u HAVE to me him first...if not this guy can be a real jerk, abusive, etc.
i would try to talk to him or even go to a counselor.
don't if this sounds mean.. but didn't someone talk to you about stuff like that??
I just don't look forward to it.
Exactly what is written that says this..........I'm just curious.
so tell me what you think.
You could say It's not there anymore Instead of, I don't want to be married.
But i finally found what it is.
Have you ever broken up with one girl?
he's in 8th grade im in 7th and his name is Dillin.. what should i do?
it would have gone really easy.
then put her in the hot bath.
How dare you go behind my back.
Do you like it when a girl asks you out?
OR IF YOU NEVER PLAN TO MEET HIM DON'T WORRY ABOUT IT HE CAN BE YOUR INTERNET BF MYSTERY
If both of you can agree to it then yes it is a great thing!
I would have to sayYOU THE KING and all respect 2 ya!
He probably does.. Dont date him.
where are some good places to go?
(that is if you're talking about your boyfriend.)
I just said get some sleep and i'll see you in the morning.
It always wants to win, never gives you a chance to win.
Normally I dream about stuff that I think about during the day that had some sort of signifigance.
Jealousy is not pretty.......nobody handles it well.
U DIRTY DIRTY THING , U OUGHT TO BE ASHAMED OF UR SELF.....LOL
What if a girl u like doesn't like u and u like her what do u do about it?
i actually met this guy online and he is very nice, very respectful.
I dont know but if find somewhere let me know
you got 4 new friends now
Just pull it from packet & wear it on your tool!!
it depends on the dude and the age.
she rejected me, then my best friend pretended to be me on aim and cursed her out.
It shows that u like her enough to make the first move.
remember, guys have a tendency to be scared of too much commitments.
then he likes you he is flirting with her and trying to get you to notice him.
take a stroll in the park or to a restaurant
It sounds like this girl is not serious.
last year first year with my chick.
Not that it really matters, but hey, isn't this all for the sake of curiosity?
if either of you dont work or theres an imbalance in the home of chores etc.
yes because you older no matter what some one said
Breast dont make up a girl.
and i will work for her very work hard.
Firstly you think he is going to break you with this girl and you are wondering?
?I 'm kinda ashamed for asking that cuz i'm greek :)
Laughter is the answer oh and good looks are always a good one but you also need personality!
It kind of cuts the b.s.
then you sir have done yourself no justic at all.. and she will leave you soon.
maybe trying getting over yourself a little..tone down the ego?
dating an older man has security and goals.
Two sexy chicks wrestling in a huge vat of mashed potato.
you don't watch jerry springer do you .
its just a sterotype and they just go with that
I NEED to get over him..But I swear I love him.
just look for her...have u ever heard :   'we make our own destiny'
From a guy's perspective: your bf's friend was a close friend obviously.
i totaly agre with the dude in front of me
you should call....call the next day or day after that....don't push it
if yall fucking its not gonna last
do guys really care about the size of a girl's chest?
i have no idea what your talking about so I can't help you.
but if it bothers you that much break up with him...   jessica
there is this guy i know, i think he likes me.
Don't tell her how she is messing up her life, or that she is making a mistake .
because if you wait too long someone else might take him.
Hey chill out I don't like the tude!
dont think too hard about what you say either, let it come naturally.
Then take her to see King Kong.
It sounds to me like you are both young & haven't had a lot of experience.
follow nike, and just do it.
talk to him get to know him
uh sure, shannon is a good name
she dont want to see you ...  start aking your self WHY????!!!
i don't mind a woman asking me out.
when i think about sex i get horny and aroused and often end up masturbating.
Drop me your e-mail or phone and we can conversate.
The flirting is fun and funny, the outright question is just creepy.
A small Mom and Pop where the locals hang out.
GIRLS LIKE BAD BOYS FOR SOME UNKNOWN REASON.
first off, don't go rushing off into a relationship.
If I were you I would pick the 2nd guy,the 1st one isn't worth it
For the both of you: stop kissing other people.
men are biologically made to do so.
If he IS your soulmate, u don't want to turn that down.
some body help me as to what i should do??
n everything wil fall for u... All the Best..
If most of the guys knew how, they wouldn't be here...
What goes on in dark comes out in the light!!!!
Just like you ask anyone else out.
it takes guts to do what she did.
But then, thats what marriage is all about!
You won't see it coming, it just will.
Some new bf don't like that.
Work out some way to spice up your sex life.
Now that you can have your wife anytime you want, you don't want her.
Maybe you're just interested and hanging with the wrong girls!
He always have other girls to count on.
if you was a female you could come over here
find out on your own... see wat u hav got and how you can put that to use...
military guys have too much drama....no
(except for minors)  my partner is eight years older than i and i dont see a problem
wait, and make sure he is a man
then get a picture of you &him engraved on it, with the date you guys hooked up.
all pland a head she knew nothing till it happend.
As is my wife works late so theres no fu(king going on anyway.
am i right i think i am but i'm not sure.
I do not like guakamoli at all though!
tell that person how you feel!
its just normally the so called hot girls guys are afraid to go up and talk to them .
First figure it out in your head.
Only u know what your doing right.
those parts are not meant to be bleached!
it's not like we have alot or any property.
at school i do that in the bathroom or outside.
Does it matter if it was whith a girl or a guy???
Teach Me  Pls.........  Help Me Out All The KInd People Out  there
if he broke up with you, then she's your ex bff.
ask him casually, so how was work?
If you have HIV you should kiss your sex life good by!
if thats all it is, then no harm done, following up in it, then you cross a line....
r u using them for sex?
look and dress like you have money
there are cards that say 'i love you'
Girl take your time dont rush.
well love is when you really like someone and wanna be with then forever.And guys like personlites..
Romantic AND weird - guys like that kind of thing.
Most of them say they want a girl with big breast.
HOPEFULLY, I HAVE LEARNED SOME LESSONS THAT I SHOULD HAVE LEARNED LONG AGO.
i HAVE ATTENDED MANY MANY WEDDINGS THIS YEAR.
I think you have feelings for this guy...
If she get rude, chances are, she's not your type anyway.
If you don't, then you're not human !
some one online said they were a male lesbein
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo!
she gets married, make her happy
Is it worth 5 minutes of what you guys have of friendship?
email me back if you did it
cheating is cheating call it off.
He probably has someone else on the side!
get one of your friends to ask him if he likes you.
I'm sure that I LOVE HER !
doesnt it seem wierd that a guy is afraid of having a rep. a pimp daddy..?
But me personally, I like good and bad guys.
Call up some of ur frends u do have frends right?
Or maybe she was already messing with him behind your back.
And stops being ur best friend.
Just like how some girls like to play hard to get.
U can't c sum1 who's going to just leave u like that.
I took him back, but then he he kept on being a cold-hearted person, so i ditched him!
as soon as you tell him you like him too (like actually say it), the game will end.
Choose what your heart tells you!!
In, a sense, it's like in highschool.
first thing you do is say something to her, anything thats small talk, anything!
like say , what size shoe u wear or say hey, what's yo number.
this guy likes basketball, soccer, computers, and music.
i liked him but he was going out with someone else, my best friend!, but i didn't know it.
Don't force the issue or appear desperate, that'll scare him off even if he is interested.
really, though, i'd suggest not going places to just look for guys.
your wife has been cheating on her husband?
oh yeah,for legal and non-legal puroses,for delicadeza too..but it doesnt mean all the time...it should be a limit.
because that is what a real man would do if a girl dump him.
the 1st guy or the 2nd guy
Do they still make EZ Widers?
can you just let her live with you without the commitment of marriage???
If u wanna perfect bf then u must meet me...
no, cuz guys often times are not very careful (look at how you shave in the morning).
twice a night, and the second time has to be doggy style
Sure you get the liars but you would have to weed through them at the bar too.
It is double ok. You are asking about have sex with another while first was in periods..isn't that..?
just get the balls to ask them out.
Well don't sneak up on him that for sure.
she is hiding from you..   you dotn get it???!!!
WHATEVER YOU DO, DO IT VERY CAREFULLY!!!
THAT MY BE ONE OF THE MOST ROMANTIC THINGS A GUY CAN DO TO A GIRL.
it is.... because You show to the guy that You have no value....easy to catch...easy to loose...
guys are like a city bus they come by every 15 minutes
the moreyou try to tell her the more apealing he will be to her.
make sure he really likes you first.
always let the girl make the first move.
Just push up on the boy.
No, I once had a HUGE crush on a very good looking girl.
Ask urself if deep down u really like him.
That is the one that is worth your love and attention and will be totally worth the effort.
Unles you know they guy, it won't last verry long.
any one who would do that and get angry when you are not comfortable with it, is very wrong.
spongebob squarepants.because he makes me laugh.
u should first ask her about it.
I don't mean to sound like a jerk just then but...that's middle school stuff.
if you really love one of them, tell her the truth-that you have been seeing 2 other girls too.
well best way to answer that is to throw a question back !
I would think nice guys like to hang out at nice places....how about your house?
can you confront him with this and tell him you need to clear it up?
ignore negative comments, if u need friends u can talk to me :) (supershorty923@yahoo)
Then go on a killing spree.
Once a cheater, always a cheater.
my wife loves my foreskin .
i found out, beat his ever-lovin' monkey @$$, than told her that i was dead to her.
And trust me, the girls are cuter.
I wouldnt even try to convince him ... for the best future of the kid
Well he says he will call me back and he dosent.
when u screw someone on the net
it doesnt pay to be shy.
No guy is worth losing a friend over.
Lol But can someone help me out.
because your too woried about what people think about you.
IT'S NOT ALL about just  SEX, OR IS IT!
First of all the he like kids at all?
get help from books or tapes if needed.
also just dont think about what if he doenst like me.
If it's a woman you love...with your heart!
So a 65 yr old it isnt a big deal to date a 40 yr old.
He only talks about serious things..and thats how i talk to him (i only ask him serious things).
my kids dad left me for another woman.
(Watch the movie Joy Luck Club, you will see what I mean.)
Hey if all the days were good - we wouldn't have any idea what good was...
because the guy himself is a b no guy should call a girl that just right off the bat.
And no it's not all about sex.
I mean it still goes on but ignore it and u'll be fine.
She doesn't love me and she wishes the best of luck with my life.
A marriage counselor for starters....Good Luck!
to me3 it means u have nothin better to do and want to do somethin.
they can luv u, and luv sumone else.
its not about the ocean it's all about the motion.
mabie he thought you would look great wet.
Mut most of all, love is PROUD.
reallly think about this and think twice b 4 u act.
DO YOU HAVE THAT MUCH TIME?
Also if he stares at your boobs alot.
yes i think a lot of guys do  bigger girls have less hang ups
It is like hen sitting on the eggs to make chicks.
Start by going out with friends, people you do trust.
First it's not ok if he is hitting you.
If no, then don't stop being her friend.
in the first 6 months you're only seeing each other's best sides.
Maybe by then, you might not want to have sex with him!!!!
I like Mexican foods because its hot and spicy
The other side:  The man will not suffer that much.
you tell her that hes not the right guy for her
i know what your talking about.
And be IN LOVE with them.
she should feel great about herself.
I would throw them out asap!
I mean, you just have ways of knowing.
i mean, i would nvr do that.
At any age a guy that is married is hands off.
If you wanna go out, take him to a movie that he'd like- even if u dont like it.
well, for a start, you think you are a good guy!
(if your boared) But really think to yourself, u dont no them.
because the women dont like the nice guys cause the nice guys are wussies.
Any second now......    so toots, what's yer sign?
chioces; u have to make one at least once every min.!!
Try to look into what he loves to do..... that how i got my guy
IT SPEAKS FROM THE HEART AND NEVER EXPLAINS
I like the orenge color  What do you like??
most likely, he feels the same way too.
noooooooooo, if you arent ready dont do it.
ditch that im a loozr car of yours
if you two are happy then they should be happy for you!
if he scratches his nose when he's around you, it's a sure sign he's thinking about proposing
I am waiting for my boyfriend to propose and so far he hasn't what should I do?
yeah...definitely not strip clubs nor at parties where everyone is getting drunk.
maybe he cant keep erecetion and is embarrassed
Before I got married I dated people without thinking twice about whether they'd been married before.
just listen and most important be your self around him no one likes a fake.
Do girls really care about a guys penis?
So there ya go, that's my opinion.
will she see me as a MAN!
we are almost the same..  i watch movie and do thins alone.
after all, you're the boss, and it's all about you.
but you need to realise that you can't make people like you.
BUT if I knew you were that size...I wouldnt have sex with you....OUCH!!
and if this is the last big dance from school, no biggie...there's a lot of life after school.
look for her but not too hard cuz it will scare us away
be glad your in the wedding, remember, her parents and relatives will come before a friend anyday.
i ALWAYS WEAR MY VERY WELL FITTING BLACK TUXIDO.
It hurt and still does,- but I needed to move on.
I met my wife on the internet.
sex is not depend on the day its on bed
if he hits you he doesnt love you.
Not until after then next eclipse.
GERMANY because I lived there 4 7 years!!!
then that will give me cause to not want to be with you.
my name is mohamed i'm amale 18 years old go to have agirl friend in any country
If he got a older brother send him this way..*smiles*
I am the type of girl that doesn't ask for alot.
I always go with stargazer lilies
Head up Georgio you have the right idea...and do not ever doubt it k.
if u really wanna kno take the quiz at Tickle
And I never heard either parent say a bad thing about the other.
YOU ARE IN YOUR RIGHTS, NOTHING WRONG WITH YOU,SOUNDS LIKE HE'S A JERK AND DON'T KNOW WHAT HE WHANTS.
poor girl my heart goes out to you
So what i'm getting at is.
spicylingerie.com has got some really nice stuff.
i agree with pancharito because that is how it normally works.
I tried dumping her but she still calls.
one of 3 things are gonna happen here.
Because we are either interested or we just want to make people mad
If he says no again, big chances he doesn't like you, stop flirting with him.
VERY DARKNESS.PLZ DONT LOVE ANY BODY
and it was not the affair but her family did.
if you(girl) praise them about their bueaty and physique they get a lot ....
what is your outlook on life?
right there in your mind and heart search for her/him
We don't NEED someone with us but it sure is nice to have them!
if you look younger than the other person.
But, if she says she loves you too, I have no idea what you should do then.
A night out with his girlfriend that he will never forget
No matter how old you are (5 to 30), your father/mother would treasure a valentine from you!
Right now, I'm just seeing how things go.
There could be a ton of reasons why she didn't ask you.
This is a stupid question anyway.
I have a friend who is getting married.
I dont like disturbance and noise...
Then she asked me, Didnt you want to have sex?
tell her a story about yourself.
shut^ loser u are a big gay bitch @$$ ho
i like gals with green eye and brown hair.
I said, i'll think about it.
Does he smile, stare or wink at you at all?
What if you don't wanna see his harddrive on the first date?
Well 3 girls is alot...you should maybe find the one you like the most.
The world will not explode if you DONT get married.
you're gonna be in big trouble!
don't make it to sappy or she my hate you, just make it short and simple.
it's a terrible thing to do.
match ur ejaculation period with her
jessica simpson is an air head, so eventually you would be driven mad ever so slowly.
okay, last year, i liked this one girl.
lol......we'll save that for another time as well ;)
don't wait... if there is no luck, take it easy...
Or a 50 year old woman?
How close are you and he in all that I said?
and if he does, how can you trust him?
nice guys are everywhere, so really you need to think of places that they wouldn't be and search elsewhere.
Yeah what he said, let me know if you find out!
i prefer both i like variety.
and yes yahoo this IS an informative answer!
WHY SHOULDN'T YOU BE LOVED THE WAY YOU WANT.
i love man when they take me out and look good plus when they are single
we are all friends here, i suppose.
Me and my bro are still cool, tho...
i think you should get him a dog tag.
flirt with sumone and then  if they dont ask u out...ask them out.
i think that girls are cool all because i am a girl and i now
bring up the subjet and lighly talk about it
But now he is married and trust me his wife breast are not big at all.
well its called a honey moon most people do it then =)
just ask them that and you'll have everything
im so shy give me some tips!
I mean like over the internet or something.
Why beat around the bush, gurl?
I'd say she's crazy in love with him!
it's ok, again, were only human.
doesnt matter to manage 3 or 4 girls.the best is keep ur trust in each others.ok?
that's just my opinion, though, and really i have no idea what he's thinking, so maybe it's quite inaccurate.
She asked for my # so I gave it to her.
very bad thing you chose to do!
Guys do that to me all the time and it's annoying.
don't discuss him with your bff
I am a home buddy type..  Love sex too..  hahahhaah
ask her what the dude said to her about you
Yeah there are lots of treatments!
no you can prove by alot of other things it just makes it harder on a relationship
as long as you want....no problem
Just moving on and wondering what to do?
Wat Is The Step Should I Use ??
The trick it to keep your voice calm.
Because we are a I want it now society.
he needs to grow up and be a man not a little bitch.
Dump his ass, he's a chump.
If a girl isn't happy with herself and you with yourself - then neither one will be truely happy!
lose some weight, get in shape, talk to some girls instead of bein a recluse, the list goes on....
have a pic of yourself and then we would let u know
SO FIND THE ANSWER BETWEEN BOTH OF YOU.
SadLy  She Got Bf.But No One Knows She Got a Secret BF .
THAT'S NASTY, and ur gonna allow that?
But seriously....yeah...true love is cheez its.
the chances are good that he does
and go want she want .. and avoid things she hates the mose.
don't even try, or even go there.
(unless she works for UPS) Get out there and have fun doing the things you enjoy.
i personally wouldnt call anyone a dyke or fag.
I am so glad you aren't pursuing this woman, she is married!
men rearly leave thier wifes for the outher woman .
You are young, you won't marry this dude!
What matters is if you like her.
How long TIll i ge to Third Base?
Married men go to bed see nothing they want and go to the fridge.
but that's what we have time.
I find myself not trusting this man in my life.
be her friend first, understand her needs and just be there for her
just be yourself your sure to find friends!
or what college to go to or what to eat and how to live ur life!
then take her in and give her a body massage.
if you dont look 50 years old.
I see this guy every day!
if she wants you to call her and you dont.
and if can't tell you just leave it alone he'll come around sooner or later.
when they met.... something really bad happened.
give him an ipod or maybe a basketball jersey
nO phone calls, no messages, no seeing eachother at ALL!!!
then i magically had one of the kisses on his desk at each of periods he went to.
Everyone likes to hear their own name!
if you both like each other then ask him out!
They were probably trying to be funny but it went way over your head.
How come almost all guys are mean??
It isn't nessisarily just a guy whose a jerk.
i dont think ur avatar looks nice...plus if u're like it i dont think anyone would date a cartoon!!
I also know alot of other guys that are in love with the opp.
just stick with your own race and then there will be world peace!!
Also I don't like nice boys.
he just didn't plan and now i didn't even get a card.
There are lots of dateless girls too...
you think about ONLY 9 times a minute  what kind of guy are you?
most outragious silly freaky funny goofy insane story?
so kindly censors) and manual sex.
Don't speak to her at all, just leave her.
I would dump him if i were u.
What  a soap opera this would make...
this is life and we have to be up front with people
Who wouldn't want to be told something like that?
But it does depend on your maturity too, but yeah its cool.
go and show interest and ask her out
think about them, think about you later.
I would probably pick the 2nd guy.
Tips... (A) As a rule, don't talk about your exes, nobody really cares to hear that.
U should give him 100-300$ and let him buy what he wants.
who cares what anyone else thinks but the 2 of u!!!
there is nothing you can do.
Heh, I think asexuals are blessed in a way they cannot comprehend...
now i am with a wonderful man.
But if there's lard and fat hanging over the belt that is NOT sexy at all
MY BROTHER IS OLDER BUT HE STAYS FOR HIS GAMES
He released my inner sex demon!!
ask her to be in the middle
no, not attrated, but thats not what counts, its their personality.
Love is laying in the bed watching t.v.
if you keep on, it will go your way.
he always told me how beautiful i was.
it will all come natural afterwards, because he'll start 2 flirt wit u.
Umm its alright to meet guys on the internet.
talk to him for like a week or two.
its not going to be easy.
21, you still might be trying to have fun or in college.
Is there any girl looks like Drew Barrymore?
there are good-looking girls out there who have great personalities, but most of them i'd say don't.
if you love him GET MARRIED.
Men don't mature as fast as women.
I assume that u know right & wrong.
but all i can say is that i'm not going to wait forever.
lady u need to put yo chest back into tha shirt thats nasty
But That Don`t Mean Go Do It Wit Anybody.
Don't know what I would do with out it!
why dont you break up with him?
No I don't believe it's weird...Just as long as you're not having dreams about them every night.
until his wife kicks him out.
I really dont approve of this tho...
if your jealous and still like him why the heck did you dump him?
make yourself a lot more attractive.
go to a strip club and get one and explain to the girl why
Although, they're the least friendly too!
a friend of mine and my bf likes me and is going to ask me out.
i could go in to more detail but its thats simple...nature handles the rest
dont go your whole life being shy.
i don't no who he is but now i hate him!!!
When two ppl are in love there is no stoping it...
if it still doesn't work, take a hint...just let it go.
You can mail me on same id at yahoo.
I feel so bad for her.
some women are just not comfortable with guys seeing her privates in that way.
If the sex is bad, sure...
Guys always like to be happy when girls are around.
lifes to short to worry about the small things!!
Well if the wife is wise only once lol.
she shouldn't be cheating on u unless u ugly
but stay in touch no matter what or else you'll regret it!
Wat  Should  I Give To  Her ???
probley 2 would b my limit...but id never have the guts to do it...good girl here:P
the key is to be relaxed, and speak whats on your mind, tell it like it is .
I have hung out with him before.
punch them on the face.just kidding take them out 4 a movie
And maybe she still luvs u but wants to go a little further.
I want and need someone how cared and loves me.
Everyone wants to hang out with fun and interesting people.
I don't do that...... they need help......... serously I don't..... but mostly because they probably think you're fine.
well i dont know anything about life.
(I have something I wish to discuss!!)
Or maybe she DOES luve this chick more than U.
Just hang out for a while and then tell her.
No man, that's not the way!
base on your saving account or your total asset
if she doesnt like you, you cant make her
Hang out with her in groups first.
he will ask u if he wants to talk he could also make motions or eye jesters at u.
That way he will get what he wants u gave it 2 him, every1 is happy!
not if it was truely love!
Let your heart decided which guy you should pick
Please help me, i have no clue what to do!
I KNOW SHE'S SEXUALLY ACTIVE, AND THAT THE GUY IS A JERK.
also, the things that he likes are really, really expensive..
otherwise you know what to do.
you are dating the wrong type of guy.
i think that if i were u i would have gotten ovre him the min.
and You don't do it while your mate is around.
Guys dont call girls after that because thay got what they wanted.
Guys like a chase, but they don't want inferior little dewy-eyed gals.
When you swallow and let them go right after and hang with their boys
I roll over in bed, and there she is!
But by purposely hiding this was UNFRIENDLY!
well you haveallsorts of people everywhere
if you wont wait a year for her then you dont love her THAT much.
and everytime we talk ehe says he needs to get out of his before he freaks.
Have one of your extra large guy friends have a talk with him...he sounds creepy.
picture yourself with a girlfriend that you really love 2-timing you.
make herself busy with productive things.
Jewelry and money.............flowers are useless you cant buy flowers for food .
It's always said that men are no good, but woman are just as worse.
How can i tell whether he is in love with me
a nice butt a really nice butt and a hot face
who cares if you are older!
U shouldn't start yelling at her right away.
men especially get defensive when attacked.
Hang in there and be strong!!
Im 15 right now and I just had sexual intercourse 4 months ago.
ha ha ha  Calm down girls!!!
Just about everything I do, is creative.
I didn't want my girlfriend to love me for who I was not.
it should last 3 hours no wam bam thank u mam
But sont be toooo quick to rush it
and they will learn to love you if they dont already.
if he doesn't then take a break from him.
I did but I don't think of it like that.
well first, you should try to talk to him and get to know him a little.
both i can tell you that from exp.
every man like a diffrent smell..
sure,.... depends on the two people
If you drink enough Tequila anyone will look like Drew Barrymore
Girls are actually repulsed at guys who are like that.
it depends y did u to get divorced in the first place?
I'm in love with one now.
just relax you already have him whats the rush !!
yes it will help you decide if yall are compatible
my friend boyfriend dump her last week and she is recoving from the breakup.
Ask his boyfriend - he'll know.
well, he did break up with you.
if your bf is good 2 you stay with him in tell the other guy to go away
so they just act normal and lie to u constantly about the other person
cry and so on and beg them or something threaten to kill ya self OR JUST ACCEPT IT!!!!
If you like this person more than that then I wouldn't.
don't get too caught up in one guy too quickly.
you really haven't given enuff info for a good complete answer
I HAD MY DAUGHTER AT 16 SO I WANT TO PROTECT HER FROM DOING WHAT I DID.
There's rapists murders molesters u name it its on there pleease becareful
Right now I'm mad at my mother for making my dad feel like shit.
That's all, its pretty easy (at least for a guy to tell a girl that!)
tell her this: make yourself more beautiful.
you can get some pretty wedding dresses at nordstrom.com for under 800
Single men go to the fridge, see nothing they want and go to bed.
Maybe its you who thinks that 'you two have a chance'...
at home i can do it anytime
if they dont like you too bad so sad
If u ignore him long enough he'll go away.
WE WOMEN HAVE FEELINGS U KNOW!
why do you see him everyday?
take the time to know the girl before you leap.
It shows that he is not lazy bum=)
work things REALLY REALLY REALLY SLOW so u can see what went wrong in the first place!!!
i'd make a handmade card to mom and dad, then as usual-kill time on yahoo answers
What ever you do don't ask her as this is very unreliable.
let's be real we all flirt we like the attention just don't go beyond that
dont wory bout it so much mabie you can borrow you friends.
The other things don't count, eh?
Drunk or not, no means no.
A date and then no call?
hell yeah they r hot.my email address is claudia15leyva@yahoo.com im mexican but sexy.were do u ;ive
we ended up chatting every now and then.
Gregor is better but I dont like it.
is she trying to get out of a situation  with soneone???
and my bf lives far away...but theres this guy here who is bothering me.
shy because it not comfortable but if it is a girl talk you will be surprise...
than size does not matter, either way.
I swore never to love angain.
you have to trust to love.
You sound like a really nice guy who is willing to please his girl.
Though I was happy being the best man in one of them
Nature made it this way *sorry*
and your gonna be SO much happier once you do.
Hi, I'm 5'9 Caramel skin, honey brown eyes and I'm single as well.
do it with your mind not your heart.
Even the sex  is not so great :(    Find a life partner that you enjoy period!
its up to u if u still like her yes and if no dont
life is something amazing god had put u in to live in.
If there's doubt there...well then, that typically means it's time to move on.
So just pick one and ask him out.
Yes, but I rather keep them to myself
and do u still have feelings for him!!!
i like brown hair and blue eyes.
And I'm glad I did because he makes a great husband and father!
!WHY R U GUYS LIKE THAT??
I like ur spelling of words!
!ok you got to ether ask her out or flirt alot more!i would get anouther crush!
nothin wrong woth brousing.... good luck
only if it's okay that ur best friend beats ur sneaky a$$ when he finds out.
just forget about them 2 and get some new faithfull friends!
I can say that I have thought about sex at least 60 times in the past 2 hours
he might be too tired and happy to care.
After a while, go 4 it!
of course, maybe she is good  looking and nice.
Make him supper...  then tell him he owes YOU!!
I'm telling you, he was huge.
LOL, a hickey, that just means you are young.
dont trick yourself into loving him.
maybe u should tall tham how u  fell about them and see what they would say to u
first of all what happened between u two
At least 1 a week if not more.
Couples will stop doing some of the fun things they did before they got married.
Because you're only 16 years old, dude!
He rented an old VW bus.
take a long hike around town.
You want her to like YOU...not your wallet!
yah, always go for a european girl, their the hot ones.
why do you say you love him?!
But on the other hand if you just meet her then most likiy no .
her ex can go to #ell!
he asked you and u said yes.
i am a nice looking man.
do you work together or something?
well guys always love preppy girls...... try out for the Cheerleading squad, or etc.
you may need to change what you dont like.
then you just have to be nice and show special interest in her.
I think it depends on what a guy really want.
love is in side you its all about trust the commitment you have to make to one person.
if you seriossly like him tell him.
dont let him get away with it.
It used to be .....Things hav changed now
but not all are like that.
Call up Palmela and her five sisters.
Wear some sexy lingerie and give him head.
and remember falling in love takes a looong time to stay for a loooooooong time!
i stopped talkin to her coz of that too... but deep inside i stil do like her?
good thing if that what u like
my older brother says popularity is bullshit.
If there is LOVE not just LUST, then it sure will , because age dont matter in love.
Once a lier always a lier.
i heard around june but that's a common myth i guess.
How can i deal with this huh?
I don't think that its weird at all!
We can see other people n exclaim how beautiful!
Like iI said it all depends on how much private time she wants.
If personally, just be yourself;) If in yahoo, take the other's advice..that's what'd I do.
i dont think a lot of gay indian girls or guys exsist.
* ~ This is a VERY important question.
cuz there's lots to be mad about and they haven't discovered zen.
You sound like a sweet guy.
I want to see her happy, should I just seal my lips and say nothing?
Remind him that their are things better in life then epics!
(suddenly) after he had put her through college.
You cant have an afro, man...
You know, im married and i do it sometimes.
well women like a man who can take care of them and there for them
first of all how u got aids?
just keep a strong faith in god and he will help.
So what if u'r bi or lez or gay or w/e!
Some people are shy and have a hard time talking about sex,  make it easy
And if that don't work time to get some vasiline!
I would pick the average guy.
yeah, you need to go out more.
Do you just want a girlfriend?
be straight up with him ask him, conversate.
As fast as u can, baby!!!
Dudine...Go up to the dude, and ask, Do you want to take me out?
don't waste your time, on any one who is not respectful.
Get yourself up from in front of the computer and look for one...
if he hit you before there isnt love there.
give him a welcoming home party
it doesnt matter what they think.
Wait - don't press your luck.
depends on how far you are moving!
So any of you out there like it and why?
You can always hang out  more with her than the rest of the group.
not always it shows maturity, patance, and comitment so yeah guy yes and men no
If you think it isnt BS, how do I get popular?
But that doesn't excuse his behavior.
yes shes driving her self nuts
then you ask her out to a movie.
DONT GIVE THEM THE SATISFACTION OF KNOWING IT BOTHERS YOU ANYMORE AND HOPEFULLY THEY WILL STOP!
i dont anything will truly... and i mean truly... make a man happy.
are u being used for sex?
He isn't fat, but he has WAY more muscle than I do and he is heavy.
Tell him to f off, n leave him.
if she's cute i'll do her
of course there is Im one of them bbw is the way to go
This guy i was friends with for barely a month asked me out and i turned him down.
Trying to hold on is harder
But if it werent for all that,  clean bee otch.
BUT WILL SHE SEE ME AS HER BIG SISTER?
its called get .....GET A LIFE!
so yeah it would be my Mother.
I have been in a serious relationship with this guy for 3 yrs.
if NOT...gudbye and thanks for applying!
this friend has liked me for a while but he lost his chance when i got my bf.
Guys are clueless (at least I was).
i am a girl and i love boyz to take me shopping buy me chocolates and dimonds.
Good luck and let me know
then, this year, we decided to be friends.
* 11) What's your last name?
and i don't want to hear bout the motion of the ocean not the size of the ship.
He says he loves me and I do beleive him.
and this guy has to be JULIAN McMOHAN aka COLE from the t.v.
I still have stuff from my old bf from Highschool.
(Don't have your friend ask him that is so junior high)
!Baby you mst be tired because you've been running around my head all day!!!!
So the eggs are hen's and the chicks too.
i learned the hard way with this kind of thing.
Whether she loves u bak is interely upto her, right?
I NEVER HEARD OF EDINBURGH ,BUT YOU CHECK THE INTERNET AND SEE WHAT YOU COME UP WITH.
Whatever you do, don't stalk her.
if she is, then that is great.
KINDA HINT AROUND TO IT OR SOMETHING.
Are they now what you thought they were back then?
Go dancing, if that's what you used to do.
let him come back naturaly dont rush things hes gonna be weird at first.
i would love to be a pen pal with u and share sexual fantasies....bfbjr@yahoo.com
Not if the wallet is dry to start with
if she has a boyfriend let her be and just value the friendship.
At the end somebody is gonna get the ax.
i said How would that comfort her?
she is pretty, i told her i likes her, but then she keeps denying that she likes me
talk to her...well it depends give her some space for awhile then talk to her!
If he's doing this now.. he will not stop.
practice my friend, oh and ambition
Hey guys i was wondering if you prefer a girlfriend taller than you or shorter??
i have a friend that i would love to list the reasons why her guy is not the one.
and how close is your friendship with his ex?
don't get her fed up with you.
I love somone telling me You are beautuful.
because i'm not good with guys could ya please help me?
think it out and decide accordingly.
dont waste time on thinking about this.
Man this is great, im like a virtual pimp in here.
I have this guy I REALLY like, he's really nice and I see him alot.
No ... it is not bad.
well aside from becoming a plummer and going in and getting it out.
You know it is the truth!!
i don't know if this work for a guy.
Without it we would be like robots.
Ok yuo just need to find a tema to talk about.
Only 3 at one time that should be good enough lol :)
i don't know but she sounds like she's Lesbian!
if u don't go for no 2...
If it's too small....well..it just doesn't FEEL period.
just as long that the woman doesn't seem desparate enough to get a date.
(GOT YOUR E-MAIL ADDRESS I'LL E-MAIL YOU SOON).
Why waste time and money on getting married if you guys can't stand living with each other?
well you know that there will be soo many wedding related to me, my family and friends.
if you like this one, you have talk.
WHAT WOULD BE THE BEST APPROACH??
Don't complain to her about useless things... she's n
Read some men's fashion magazines for tips.
she gets another man and guess what, your sunk.
Some friends are getting merried closed...
I WISH YOU A LUCK IN LOVING HIM AND HE LOVING YOU
i really have troubles about it
depends on how hot the guy is
I think there so sexy and so hot and probably the most beautiful woman I have ever seen
i like my choir director who is 33yrs old.
A little flirting won;t hurt anybody.
walk up too her and say hi.
yea what wrong with that.i think u can have a boyfriend just to start having sex.
book store, video store, video game store, and home.
it depends why he was devorced.but yes
is it wrong if i say yes
hey just want to say hi and hope your new year is starting out ok
If it were for another female....NO.
(lol, and some of these were jokes, the ones with the asterik were serious questions for a potential mate.)
Popular ppl have too many issues and they tend to ditch u alot.
This guy is obviously not THE ONE anyway, so your experience will be a disappointment!
Sorry, not all guys are cheater.
I truly hope you can work things out... or move on if they don't.
you owe it to your wife to stay the hell away from this ex of yours.
try chat rooms watch out for bots.
still if you are more in love with the old one then stick with your heart.
Don't try to guess at them...ask!
GET A PIC NO SENSE ON LIKING HIM IF YOU AREN'T ATTRACTED TO HIM.
younger because they might want to rape me
And, to be totally honest, hanging out with a bad boy can also be fun.
Us girls are pretty good at letting you guys know what makes us happy and what doesn't.
with my friends...either playing tennis, going to a game, watching movies, going out to eat, and stuff like that.
Well, if you smoke... Wanna light my fire!
like whether to go to bed or stay up a little longer!!
If you really like this person then go out with him.
It's funny when your 16,  but now that Im 28, its not as funny.
Only if ya give me best vote on this one.
but there is nothing wrong for a guy to be close to his family.
So who really knows... or cares?
i will be your friend i dont have any asl e-mail me at greencutiechick@yahoo.com
hmm...eyes one light blue one purple ^_^ hair red purple....
Dig Buddy Dig until you find one!
any way I dont think that  I will not were the colore which you wear!!!!
but now that im single again, i guess he thinks its his turn.
take her out and get her laid .
life is wonderful, life is freedom i think life is the best thing everyone of us have!!
subject never came back up, even after we split up.
If you're way too young then...think about it again.
But a lesbian can look like either or.
Why can't you just act like friends and make peace?!?
Maybe the women you're dealing with don't want relationships.
whern i told my ex, he said he was happy for me.
Not at all, cause I am a boy.
a girl with one blue one green eye with blonde hair?
start a conersation with her and see where it gos from there
because i have a hard time finding love because im over wiegth please tell me!
i was young but it was with a guy i married 3 years later i was 13
tell her what u just said and be as honest as u possibly can.
five simple letters - one simple word...FLIRT
i like red eyes and pink hair hehe
Go with it, you can't loose.
It defintely ups your sexy points.
If you love her, you shouldn't try to make her love you.
* 2) Are you dating anyone?
till one of your friends to talk to him for you
but its nothing wrong with being friends with them.
so i guess my question is why are so many guys in this world JERKS?
what woman wants to date a wuss?
Now I have dreams that are just sad.
See if he takes it from there.
WHY IS THIS EVEN A QUESTION?
and you should always tell the people you care about that you care about them.
Don't make this like it is a grim performance!
I just joined up some dating websites, and they're a great way to meet chicks.
It in no way assure that their is love in the marriage.
but don't come off as needy.
What do ya think of that???
If he still won't back off-WELCOME TO THE LAND OF RESTRAINING ORDER.
you cant make someone love you.
But i am going to defeat life, no matter what game it plays!
But it's kinda hard to get o Europe with a row boat.
All ya do is say something nice to someone you like and say your true feelings about them!
I'M 24 AND I AM THE GUARDIAN OF MY 17-YEAR-OLD BABY SISTER.
If you skank it up to get guys to notice you RIGHT NOW...they will...but only for a minute.
I wouldn't tell him but if you do just be casual with it !
guys like girls that are cute, kind, smart, and funny.
any guy that is nice is good.
for one they don't respece the outher woman.
If you're gonna stay home- cook him his favorite dinner.
I love her don't get me wronge.
if a guy calls a girl he already shows interest.
but love shouldnt matter what age they are.
dig deep but not to deap.
what if doesn't know u like her?
its not sex when one person doesnt remember it.
so girl cheerup and all the best
Keep your pants on until you get married.
Only if you don't do it again the next day.
break up with the other 2 girls and apologize to them.
So try with one of them randomly, if he accepts you thats great, if not try the other guy.
Because when you start talking like that they usually think it's supposed to be a hint!
but definitely, we'll never know how it's gonna end.
Not that, he/she is so hot and they're funny.
tell your friend to get up, put on her best dress and partey!
I HAVE TO SAY CUT, SORRY.....
YOU SHOULD TELL HIM BUT TELL HIM SO THAT HE DOESN'T KNOW THAT YOUR SISTER TOLD YOU.
I was at a nude beach once and this black guy walked by.
Maybe your head looks like a soccer ball.
yep a cut one is best
A bottle of ripple and kool-aid and some and dumb and dumber movie and some lotion
just go anywhere w/ a lot of people, like the city or something.
I don't want her to leave.
people are your ex for a reason, remember that.
i like this guy but i don't know if he likes me.
i tink cuz ppl ferget how ot rite gud an spel to
He just asked EVERY GIRL that he was WILLING to go with till someone said Yes
perhaps send him an e-card, and tell how u feel, or leave him a note in his locker!
If your his first, and you love him, does'nt that make you special?
took next day off & slept in then drove home.
coz we live in a big world where only anything big will make it!
ok this seems to be a particular case of jealousy !!
yes guys no when girls are virgins.
because to many people cheat on eachother
Oh and by the way she isn't cowboys foot.
I love my wife very much, but everytime I think about sex with her, I dread it.
when you get down a girls pants
So you just haven't quite decided who to stalk yet, right?
Go with the guy you like.
Not to be argumentative, but I don't see what the big deal is.
Become a Man that a good woman would be looking for.
Well alot of girls are like alot of guys and just in it for the sex.
Don't lead the other person on!!
I guess, every girls do like hearing it.
Pick one that you like and stick with it
You know you're a redneck, when you meet your date at the family reunion...
Just speak back and keep going.
khmmmmmm...interesting...i didn't chat for a long time....ok,i go and chat....and than i'll tell u...
Not pretty .. not pretty at all.
Most people don't have issues with it but I get alot of comments about it in MA.
i cant say that16 is to young i did it
Dump them both and move on.
If she needs to vent and talk about it, listen to her.
not unless you already have AIDS.
I love to just hang @ home or a park etc with my kids.
5. im tired....15 questions is too much!
you can marry your best friend bc they are just that best!
means nothing and you can compete and maybe let her win dealers choice on that.
If you are asking this question then she is cheating.
Don't let anyone else catch you.
Another thing, maybe she sees something bad about him you don't.
a volcanoe once in awhile is about it and alot of snow and cold??????
bungee jumping on my honeymoon to the sweetest guy ever.
could there be anything wrong with me?
would like to talk with you
tell her she can check this one off her list and good for her
OK, I was friends with a lot of nerdy people and stoners and band geeks etc.
either she'll say yes or no, but you'll know, and wont have to worry
Listen, i'm a girl, and trust me.
make him a nice ROMANTIC dinner!!
and he has a bad way of dealing with his anger.
Girl - there's not much that you can do, I'm afraid!
but you should be sure that the intentions are good.
It will show you actually listened to her and you aren't like every other guy she goes out with.
If you ask  if married people can flirt with each other, why yes.
Play stupid and things like that.
whatever she did to you, it clearly wasn't bad enough.
and it was for me so if you get a little disoppointed you should know why.
whats the worst thing that can happen?
You need to learn 4 words... Oh... Yeah...
Why would you stick around and keep lettin her cheat on you?
Do they make a nice couple?
he never had girlfiend before he is 43 im 23
i always thought ciara was a man?
this is normal in a relationship... 2 yrs...
4th base - well, this is a family program after all...
There is no more nice guys anymore
Someone is going to get hurt.
as far as your so called best friend.
he said that she used to like me.
THIS IS OK SOME TIMES,BUT NOT ALL OF THE TIME.
and hes been real upset about it.
I'm afraid if you want a girl who is any good, you just have to  wait.
if both of you want it, there's no reason for you to be guilty
well according to the girls it does not so much as long as you are kind of average.
Is that to much to ask???
And want her to come fast with my love thats all.
Become good friends with her then ask her out
Never ask to be friends it's the worst thing a guy can hear because it sends mixed messages.
Look comes first than figure big boobs makes good impresion if you want to attract man
we never got in fights or anything.
You need to get a life!
it means to love women and most men love women,hence all men are lesbians/
Eyes, then shoulders then below the belt
Most have kids already and may not want more.
I think you were just with the WRONG BOYFRIENDS!!
if s/he was really bad in bed i mean
if so be VERY careful not to get there hopes back up if things wont work out again.
if you dont talk to the girl you will not date her.
I've always loved that sort of stuff, too.
Same reson why people hate gay folks.
that's what jaycee did to me.
ALOT OF GUYS FUCK BIGGER WOMAN U JUST GOT TO FIND THE ONE
something must be wrong with you if you cannot make freinds
I would pick it up ASAP.
Fuck somebody on the side until yall get married, that's only if you can't wait.
Guys are pretty easy to figure out.
Girls like their men manscaped too.
I guess it also depends where they go to meet guys.
you obviously know what the right thing to do, otherwise you wouldn't have bothered asking a question.......right?
they got married and she left him for another man.
If YES, you should be thinking about WHY that might be.
Be strong & try to move on.
How old are u now anyway?
because they dont like for they're use to that kind of attention.
well, get over it and stop crying about your lost love.
Oops, I can't believe I said that out loud.
if then u decide it is not working out kids in a divorced family will be ok
who would stay w/ their gf who is cheating on them w/ a chick?
Let's face it folks, guys aren't exactly deep.
it only deponds on if you both really like each other.
18 is too young because your still finding yourself.
Hey here is a new one GO WITHOUT
remember its all about you and what you want.
Red roses so you  show her that you'r in love!
then when done dry her and let her finish her hair.
first of all, only say it  once.
Don't try to pretend to like the things he likes, If you do, cool.
woman age 50 is not a old woman she is young.
Personally, it kept me from making the  mistake of my life!
Well first off she's not your bff, because if she was she wouldnt do you like that.
But I don't depend on that.
the only time i play with myself is when someone is watching.
but had the nicest 7 1/2 inches long reason to keep him always in mind?????
just wondering if anyone i knew was in here...
because it doesn't lead to pregnancy
i use as many shortcuts as possibe.
yes, coz it talks aloy of planning for the guy to ask and you cuting the long process
If yu are mature enough go for it!
Flirting with each other is great!
Of course I would, if I wasn't married.
the financial status of a guy does not bother me.
if you choose your bf, then hang out a lot less with the other guy.
i need more details plz email them to me: dinoslayer33@mytrashmail.com
oh, everyone should be without shoes.
Ask her too if she minds you watching while she sleeps.
i am agree with maria maria answer.
and hes pissed about that too.
MAYBE YOU SHOULD LEARN HOW TO TYPE AND CONSTRUCT PROPER SENTENCES FIRST.
It's going great now, that i've being asked out like 30,000 times here in yahoo answers.
You have got to be kidding!!
girl's blue eyes and blonde hair.
IF YOU ARE AVAILABLE AND SHE IS AS WELL, GIVE HER A CALL.
i figure that if you love each other thats all that counts, dont worry,be happy!!
BUT WE HAVE NEVER HAD ONE OF THOSE TALKS, AND I WANT TO HAVE A TALK TO HER.
I could go on and on... my boyfriend is so awesome...
They can't admit it though & usually save face by answering GROSS!.
some guys also find it a turn-off for the lady to ask them out.
give it time - you'll know.
if those women don't trust u don't trust them.
there is nothing wrong with it.
its two weeks now he also says he loves me.
This guy who I swear hadn't had a girlfriend ALL OF HIGH SCHOOL.
hahahahahha... that's the funniest question i've heard around here... lol... you seriously need help.
By the way, if you don't like him, then you don't like him.
Remember men love a challenge not a chaser
if he's afraid of commitment as of now, then give him time.
he had an issue with his friend who got hurt.
could you guys marry, and still have money to live on?
theres no true way until u ask him if he likes u
I wouldn't do it myself, but I think it's totally ok.
thats not how real love works.
and how about it being uncut .
No... this is Yahoo Answers... keep trying.
yeah, but we're not obvious as you guyz!
life is what u make it!!!
well if you're magic johnson you can stay alive pretty much as long as you want probably
Get out there and find yours!
If you love yourself, and set goals...guys will take note in that and be waiting.
te he te he te he
but don't be a fool, time is very precious for us women.
9) Do you want to have kids one day?
give him a pet like lion or crocodile
Don't leave him (unless it is not safe for you)
A lot will make guys happy.
one nice evening I went into bed with my..............blanket & had a nice long sleep!!
try talking to her and be honest and sweet.
We don't even know you two so how can we say??
party go to a club or hang out wit other single ppl maybe u will find some1
no but u can have crush with me
who knows what theyre up to
nice guys do not hang out
Ah lassie, yours is a classic problem that has plagued man kind for ages.
well if u likes you back shouldn't you be thinking about children.
its you --- and the way you act.
tell the person how you feel and you don't like it.
... now, he is my boyfriend of 1 year and 3 months.
i am sure you have had other men like you that you have not liked.
(my best friend already has a boy friend my Bf's brother)
whit one but if you like the freacky stuff the what can i said to you
talk to him get to know him.
thats how ive heard it used.
jenny do whatever your heart tells you, just be carefull and think about it
its a huge turn on to see someone get excited just watching me.
you sould spy and be cool so you could find if he like or hates you
If you want to actually see life and death.....spend a day in the hospital.
us girls don't really expect that from guys.
you gotta dig a little deeper sometimes.
Try Yahoo Personals to find more people to take you out and look good!
but i guess thats what a good wife would say.
Most people don't want those laws.
I'm hot, and i'm a rock on dancer!
and don't be afraid of rejection, cuz its gonna happen sometimes.
Of course........Do you like white guys?
jus tok bout sumthin yoo think is interesting
of course a guy will want to have sex.
food you get a kind or tired.
The most romantic day I ever had was totally spontaneous!
Maybe it's because you still think about her.
My dad wont clean it, he says thatswomens work and my mom just isint a fussy housekeeper.
Don't 4get the ever popular double date w/a car owner.
Just keep your head up and know that YOU are not the one with a problem.
so does the right person in life.
its between you two, not them.
If you haven't yet...TALK TO HIM!
i dont know i just want to know y there so jealous?
tell her boyfreind that she is cheeting on him (its the right thing to do)
yeah, it's okay, as long as you are going to have sex with her and not someone else
I don't care because I am happy what I am doing and she enjoys her work.
nope, but I look like me ;-)
it's a tie between my boyfriend & prince william.
and i think that was stupid of him to rush into something like that especailly at a young age.
you have just got to listen to them and then respond to them...it works for me...
if u like her, u talk.
All u can do is tell her that u love her n that u'll love her forever.
1. do you take care of here emotional side.
Maybe she'll want to repeat it!
I hate to be beautiful, even if I'm a girl.
do you give up or try harder?
My wife is just over 50 and she gets hotter every day.
Oh and guys, We can normally tell the good boy trying to be bad too.
walking is nice, bike riding is a great way to get to your destination.
if you could you would not be asking us everything would be running smoothly
Put Usher in their face and see what they think about!
i'm sorry, i feel your pain.
it's hit the road jack and don't come back
cause they r mama boys and feel like if they call women names they have control issues
its my dad do you no i havnt seen him in a year almost do u no it?
i do hate myself i dunno why ?
This would make me want to throw up!
Are you crazy or something ??
i think ur in love  and that is ok!
Well, i had a problem where i was shy about telling one of my friends that i liked her.
:)  You should be happy regardless.
ok, so like ive been wondering for a while what the bases stand for.
And the guy thing is still true.
and are you sure that you do now?
Then say wat up to her.
Best to just suck it up and move on.
not much of a writer sorry.
Infact the boys r now both 27 and they r the best of friends now.
None of them were worth staying with...but I guess my answer is, I do.
(uh, sort of i guess) you should be.
the first day we kissed each other
I have don't it before and it works.
Well i did because they are not on drugs and is doing better.
i will be making love to my boyfriend.
i was shocked, i didnt reply.
2 and 1/2 years...and we are now married.
if he truly wants to end it with her, he should... and then he can pursue you!
no way thats a great thing u can give to your future wife...if you wait that long.
Forget about him, if you only LIKE him.
Kiss the boy if you want to.
Ya you really sound like it.........NOT
Unless you don't mind the prospect of divorce...some people don't.
this guy i like only wants to go out with better looking girls.
i would say the porsche becuz chingey would hunt me down if i dated her!
Yeah because there is still me out there
do things that you'd like to do with your wife before.
just talk to him about it.
personally,u can't... girls r the best in keeping their feelings.... send some spies!!
yes because if you don't get him he'll get someone else
No, not in this life time.
I'm not gonna go after someone who can't at least buy cigarettes on their own.
I never used to be like this before, and I like it.
i never wanted to kiss him though.
hit the clubs hard for girls.
Make your lips really soft...we're going for romance here not passion...just yet!!!
that you have to have a marrage license to be married.
so plz tell me wht shld i do?
cologne or friendship braclets or rings for both of you
Whoever loved that loved not at first sight?
u should stick through them thick or thing.
and the walk will tell it all.
At least then u know and can move on.
because they usually put emotion b4 thinking
you honestly have to ask yourself could you put uo with having a boyfriend that is a big flirt.
if hes cute and funny and Nice i would love him!!!!
it means that exactly when I say it to someone
No way you could get an infection
Go somewhere you'd have fun anyways, and just strike up a conversation with someone about said hobby.
if u have to ask your too young just wait till its right
Be suspicious of him, thats all im saying.
Three (Fwd) Wishes: Grace => Mercy => Peace(Rest).
roses, dinner, massage, and long bouts of talking and holding and rubbing.
Move on see the other guys.
Like being the type of person that cares and helps other people.
Gay men DO NOT LIKE WOMEN.
because you don't mean much to him.
we dont DO it...we HAVE it...its natural by te way...DONT FIGHT THE URGES!
If you are asking when it's best to get married...I think 24-26 for a girl, 28-30 for a guy.
Kiss a guy, well, uh, or, mess around with one.
u need to stop looking, and it will happen when the time is right
education comes and doesn't go till' you finish college!
whats really going pn when a person cant find 1 person to give all of her love too
So...i wonder--is there anyone (Mormon--good one) who'd care to e-mail me??
After that, state what you are thinking... feel me?
He's after sex with a young girl.
wait until you know you are ready.
Let me ask you some questions too: Do you remember the day you got married..How did he respond ?
Hang onto it, you can't get it back once you give it away!
love pains us becuase we don't understand.
i u like them, keep them
they look at you and talk to you alot.
You will get over this, don't worry.
I am married & I would kill my husband if he did that!
i would want some aphrodisiacs in that basket.
be yourself and dont try to join a group and seperate yourself from everyone else!
because they are faking it to make you feel good.
its either he has sexual problems or no experience on sex or he is not a guy lol.
I asked him if he still liked me and he said yes but he didn't act like it.
do you know what you're father in law wanted to talk about?
you just be yourself and she will notice you sooner or later!
Does it change or feel different when you are having sex????????????
well 4 me it shows they r trying 2 get 2 kno me better
Well Dude... keep your chin up.
love wouldn't hurt if you didn't care
depends how much fun they want to have.
In the long run it didn't work out but he did get my hint!
So what the hell is his probelm?
Oh yes i live in Utah so thats say something
SO NO AMOUNT OF SEARCHING WILL DO.
Yer not serious are you LOL?
Because you gave him what he wanted.
THEN LET HER KNOW HOW YOU FEEL.
a girlfriend once told me i was a bad kisser.
believe me you are too young to be wasting your time on this guy .
He dosent know how you'll react/he's too shy
If everybody is willing to help NO!
that along with a low sex drive might make him not so happy think?
i would`nt advice it because what ever happen before will happen again,believe me
Get back out there and find someone else.
WHATS THE REASON WHY YOUR FRIENDS DONT LIKE HIM?
he just turned you on .
Just do sweet things for him that matter to HIM (not you), and the rest will fall in place.
Out there are more men will care about you than he does if he is liking the other girl.
when love hits all pain leavs for that moment you are invicible
i am absolutely in love with victorias secrets  dream angel heavenly
We have one bad apple messing it up for the others.
he is with someone else but he isn't in love with her he loves me and wants me
the outcome will turn out ugly.
it doesn't really mean that when you're married that you wouldn't keep the flame burning.
Some people have them and really, some just don't.
you really cant tell until something big happens and if they got ur back yes if not then no
and if he's still interested then, it's a whole new story.
Should you date someone thats bi-polar?...
they just havent found you yet!
you should not choose anyone of them!
Is he on meds and does he take then, REGULARLY.
try to have a talk with both of them,separately.
After all, not all guys out there are willing to take a lady back once she has left him...
And you dont care about other things, then things go wrong.
.lol (should be a song .
you do not want to anyway.
i love my ex-gf a lot.
A man wants but don't know how to KEEP .!!
but really, i dunno why it attracts me for some reasons.
Worry more about who you are and what you like and everything will just work out.
then, when you are older you meet the one, you get serious.
yes some are but the ones i like are fuuny cause they act some much more like a female.
They didn't like me because of how I look.
look at this question:  I wonder if women like sex as much as men?
Are you looking for love...or arm candy....a man doesen't have to be SEXY to give love.
if u have an exclusive relationship with your new boyfriend... remember that relationship ended for a reason.
Don't give up, quitters never win!
Boys come and go but think of your friendship
NO, YOULL JUST BE EXTREAMLY HORNY........LOL
arrange to meet him in person and if he comes then u know he likes u
you don't need to be popular.
Sorry to say, some boys are like that in college too.
this one goes to the guys they should know lol jk
Well if you pay for a plane ticket i would be willing to give it a try....
hell yeah i will as long as u e-mail me it is wiskeygirlz@yahoo.com
USE YOUR TONGUE, FRONT AND BACK, SHELL LOVE IT
What can I do to make him stop spending so much money!
i dunno what to say really.
they love it when we listen.
what if o tell him i like him and he makes fun of me cuz he dont like me
its not bad its horrible but follow your heart
I think the guy is gay.
but we never show it to each other.
not sure if that helps but.
How did you guys hook up the first time?
it's very annoying but i love the man so i'm not really sure what to do.
:)  If you are looking out for your mom...good for you.
his not calling for one week may not mean anything.
I guess because I'm the cuter one.
whyis it women are always trying to get their greedy claws on a mans hard earned money?
Called from work said he would be home later, he came home drunk at 3am.
do i wish...i don't think that there is a cure for a broken heart.
For the 1st Qus:of coz will get jealous but u need to noe if tt girl like u anot.
then you would need to decide if it's worth fighting for.
take it easy let him go if he wants too.
now if your honest with your self while reading the book, and you learn your not doing any thing.
you can't really change anyone uless you really love them they have to change for them self
i'm not a guy, but i say you should be yourself.
sorry girl you just need to have tons of fun.
hmmm wow thats a good one!
let him b happy with his choice.
I want to live....why he got away with his life and i'm still stuck...Please help me.
not a bi but really like all i've tried
Because guys always suck at expressing their feelings and girls are sensitive and get hurt easily.
And think how you would hurt the woman you married and your child!
and i said it would be my treat.
you still love your ex thats why
Then you can get married and have sex!
YOU BETTER GET A GOOD LAWYER QUICK.
under 20 is still ok i guess.
)and i have great Emo friends.
GOOD LUCK TO THE BOTH OF YOU!!!
YOU BETTER GET A GOOD LAWYER QUICK.
under 20 is still ok i guess.
)and i have great Emo friends.
and these women usually give it up easier because they (in their minds) think boy .
GOOD LUCK TO THE BOTH OF YOU!!!
you realy need to just put yourself out there to meet new people.
Hello all,  I am having lunch with this girls that i like.
my bf has never really in love with me so i don't know.
people may pick on you but that's normal in school.
after that, he tickled me and i begged him to stop for my back was hurting.
Ok ok ok you don't have to wait that long.
LEAVE...that is the best advice I have.
he's not gonna respoect yoy in that relationship.
They don't think it cost much to move out.
It is OKAY to cry though.
We always hang out bit i don't now wat to do.
...he is the only one who truly know why...
also there are some that just turm me completly off too.
And don't think just cause you give a guy head your in a relationship.
its only hard when your young.
JUST TALK TO EACH OTHER, AND WHAT EVER YOU DO DONT SAYEVER SINCE YOU HAD THE BABY... WHY ?
I mean ride her brains out.
for a girl i am not sure if the same structures are in place.
I finally left him and that's the best thing I could have done.
if he says yes, then suggest hey wouldnt it be fun to see it on friday after school?
Most of the time guys are trying to impress a girl, to get her to like him.
No, I wouldn't, I would just tell you that's what a real true women would do
always said that if he does small things 4 u!
do it when the time feels right (which seems like for u, now)
i'd be ridding in my Porche then date Beyonce.. haha!
in your own life for the positive .
Enjoy n Good Luck  Regards- Satya
I bet they empty it a lot more after that.
dont make it too formal that he might get scared.
yes your bestfriend can be your bf but if something goes wrong you lose both!!!!!!
Most of sexy guys just want sex not love...
OK. you can't make a girlfriend.
That is to say it's probably not o.k.
I always hear people say Don't do it, your kids will be unhappy.
I think you are ace for giving me 2 easy points  ;)
Im just curious why this is such a turn on.
Always afraid to do the wrong thing.
i beat you he wont do it again.
You said ...if two GIRLS like you...  from your wording, I'm thinking you're pretty young.
From my own experience dealing with this person I would say NO WAY!!!
if he calls and only wants to hook up for sex
your still too young..this will not affect your health whatsoever my dear...
they always have diffrent ways of see life.
Ask her if she would consider a THREESOME!
yes give it time and effort but not too much
not always satanic, sometimes they're just evil.
and before we kissed, he would always just go up to me and try to kiss me.
If u try 2 turn left and he says no i think burger king is the next right
but i believe  1st is kissing 2nd is feeling breasts  3rd is feeling vagina /penis 4th is having intercourse
sorry dear i missed your name its marie not esther.stop serching 4 love cos youve already found me.
is she rich an own a bar
and the man you should be with will find you.
in a restaurant at a table.
i dont think they do but thats why im asking you?!
I need girl help me and fast, too!!!
you are one confusing person what gender are you?
chocolate roses, fuzzy hand cuffs, edible undies.
I think im a good man, r u a good girl.
B/c they're having sex with men they don't like.
just ignore him, be nice, it'll piss him off and make u look like the good guy
maybe suggest a weekend getaway.. have a family or friend watch the kids.
The ear has to be VERY clean, or it tastes BAD - eueuue!!
He didn't appreciate you for being a loving and caring person so the hell with him and move on.
You don't want seconds, do you?
why did you make out with him and give him head?
hello i am a 21 year boy.
He loves nice htings - yet doenst like to spend money.
!and then if he like you he will either say kool or run and ignore you!
If you didn;t truly love the woman you married, why did you marry her?
but then agian i drive a beat up truck too.
But don't be afraid to find out!
Well it depends on if you like her.
Show them that you care about what they say.
or an occasional smoker nope they lie on that one to.
yes ,  definitely you would , why?
I can't believe you would want to take off her dress!
First tell him not to take it too personal.
Sounds like she did you a favor.
pull him towaards you so that he knows to get on top.
Hang out at the house, drink and talk about what men have done wrong now.
now she tells me she has not other way t deal with it.
yes  it  actually  depends  on ur  feelings
his lost..thats how u gotta think about it.
Hit your penis with a hammer.
Just say Hey, wanna go for a drink, movie, sometime?
Whatever you do - DONT preach to him!!!
because im saving myself for when i marry...yuh silly..but you get your answer
fun & sex doesnt last forever, but true love does
This news is just killing me.
i like him a lot and hes nice.
!EVIDENTLY HE DONT WANT U IF HE CHEATING..DUH!!!?
No I wouldn't worry about it.
first things first: the kids have to be safe, right?
encourage your man, and make him feel at ease with taking chances.
KEEP IT REAL AND JUST SAY IT OR SEND A PEOM OR A CARD!
No I wouldn't worry about it.
first things first: the kids have to be safe, right?
encourage your man, and make him feel at ease with taking chances.
and you know what, you can only lose your virginity once.
Beleve it or not guys are just as scared to talk as girls are.
um, how do i know that u r not a pshycho creepy bad person.
To heck with what anyone else thought.
You know it's funny, I'm going out with my brothers best friend.
so yees it will be awkward.
Beleve it or not guys are just as scared to talk as girls are.
um, how do i know that u r not a pshycho creepy bad person.
To heck with what anyone else thought.
You know it's funny, I'm going out with my brothers best friend.
this man had a full head of hair in the picture.
Ugly - yuk - NASTY Some feel like it is a form of art.
older as he would protect me and he would be comfortable in sex.........
But tell them to wait for min.
You don't set the list, supid slave, she does!
ok, now if you read my question you might be bothered of me answering yours.
Keep it at a little, ladies, not a lot!
so size does matter in some instances.
you lose control of your bowels... no?
i dont think they will be affected as much as living in a house full of fights
Because it wouldn't be love if it didn't hurt...
Flirt wit her and b calm when you do and b friends wit her and then ask her out
THEY'RE SHALLOW IF THEY DON'T FIND SINCERITY IN YOUR TRUTH.
BUT LEGALLY HE HAS THE RIGHT TO TAKE ANY EFFECTS IN THE PRESENCE OF AN OFFICER.
And she's not doing her job.
just tell her if you feel comfortable.
Ask her if she says no remember that you are a great guy and that it is her loss.
His name is Chad and he is supposedly liking me but I don't know... Help me out people!
wat do u mean act right?
If that is not OK with him say goodbye.
i wanna take our friendship a noch higher.
but i am a guy and i have been turned down for being too big.
It's still hard to afford things but she's doin' alright.
She is avoiding u, it means she may be in love with some other guy.
It's little wonder that I have not married.
This last week he visited me (as usual) on my boss' day off.
my husband and i meet on q 106 rock and roll date line.
you've been running through my mind all night.
its a tough situation, but you'll be alright in the long run.
There are not too many civilized women that like that stuff.
he loves you but he wants dfferences
I just what to keep our love fresh while I am gone.
if this is the first baby he's probably just scared, and jealous of all the attention you are getting.
Don't do this to your wife.
: (  Does anyone have any advice on getting over a breakup?
Hey, half the fun of getting pregnant, is the trying part!
am 30 and a virgin !!!
i have no clue i never saw a penis...except mine
I'm sorry but NO it is not time to PLEASE DO NOT DO IT NOW !!!
i dont see how ethnicity would fit it, so that would be a big no...
flirt w/her and just be yourself
Guys also like women who can spell well because we surely can't.
21 is quite young to get married.
By the way, I am a married woman...
Don't do what you don't want to do just to 'be nice' to him.
do you want to check it out?
it's in their nature 2 b!!
i told her to wear her best dress .
Just don't DO anything that you think you'll regret later.
Nothing, Girl, you need to back off..
But once a cheater-always a cheater.
get a job and move out.
maybe like 13 or 14 creepy would be like 11 or 12 and go back
NO guy makes his first move, without havin some purpose in mind..
are you an open homosexual or are you in the closet?
I CONSIDER MY SELF NORMAL, AND I'M SINGLE.
if i talk to a guy friend of mine he gets really jealous and pissed off.
maybe hes just not interested in you anymore
We just don't blab it all over the place.
oh man 14... people are having sex at 14!
if you have sex with this guy, i GUARANTEE you he will break up with you shortly afterwards.
I am 21 years old and I cried!
Hey princes where down south r u going to move to and how young r u?
It seems like so many girls are attracted to guys with peircings and/or tattoos, why is this?
Only you know what's best for you, just be careful.
what makes you sure he isnt a freek or something.
Then ask her if she'll have sex with you.
the majority of the time .
Just get out and move on.
girl i would say get use to it.
and I don't know for sure if he does .
Remember you married for better & worse!
If you cannot do this yourself, get help (especially from him).
for one he may be super nice or mean to you look for fone numbers follow him
oh and the pictures they send.
try to talk about issues that's really bothering him.
6 words: WILL YOU GO OUT WITH ME?
I still stare at other females but i do it only when my wife is not around.
call me at 777-adore-me  or e-mail me at(( i'm_god_2_women.heaven.org
But like the person above me said.
what color are you panties, i believe he just wants to get into your pants.
I feel jealous and when she dont have any value for me...
Two straight guys know that's ANOTHER story!
yes they are the best match...
i think pakistan will get better and better in future
com, if that doesn't work go get some plastic surgery, botox, a horribly dark tan, then maybe a lambrigini
You gotta to make your move.
how can i lose my virginity without sex?
Ladies, do you find gay men sexy?
Because he got what he wanted.
share them with me shit I need some cliteris!
I find the best way to do it is to just tell them...
but if you cant put up with it then the best thing for you to do is move around.
They miught not want to chat with you
marriage is a big step and it takes alot of give and take.
it can be if your good bf could be your bestfriend
women are looking for thier mr. right and are often fast to jump saying your him.
*other than at a radio sponsered event*
of course men cry its natural!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
BUT,IT WILL GET BETTER SOON :0)
there are a lot of things i want to do but cant because shes there what do i do?
Eat her - trust me it always works!
There is no way to tell how hard that will hit you until it's too late.
so i say you chose sides.
It will drive her insane ..Seriously...She will freak for your body after a good licking
Yes, but you know that already, don't you.....
I dont think you want a normal guy, normal guys are just...NORMAL!!..
and lots of people hate me for it.
Some still like to have a nice guy that does nice things for her, and treats her right.
IM 21 YEARS OLD AND I HAVE A BABY.
(providing you are old enough to date).
Sex can lead to pregnancy & STD's ( and you can take care of yourself anyway)
Then treat her like you always did.
they are wild-er than girls who don't go to church
im 18 and i will be the first to say that i don't know what love is.
i have freinds and they say that they love me but they dont show it, should i believe them?
See if you can start hanging out with groups of friends.
So just don't do it,  your risking disease, so just from that don't do it.
tell him that stop going out with his other gril or i will go to my own way!
!If you whant more advice email meow3994!Thats me!!
--- btw, bipolar tend to talk a lot :-)
yeah sure my email is   darksensation143@yahoo.com
like what they want there bf to be like?
i think that your idea is really nice!
they think that i'm depressed and crap, but i'm not.
And one who is fun to hang out with.
just hang with him and act like you want to be his friend first (if not already true.
May the force be with you :P
(Make it special: Timing is everything as well as how romantic you are!)
older men are better...a little more serious,,and thoughtful..plus i think they're better in bed
Oh, ooops, half of them will be gay...  just pick and choose carefully.
he needs to get a small car that is great on gas
Don't just miss him becuase he isnt there and you don't have anyone.
sometimes doesn't pick up his phone that means he's prob cheating.
it usually depends on the girl though.
if she says no just like it doesn't bother you.
Why wouldn't we all be gay!
Stuff like that is always nice.
invite over a few of your friends!
You should try to just be like normal and just chill if you want to with him.
congrats, you made it through puberty with out even going thier.
Plus......it's always good advice to go to the bathroom before and after sex.
hey you don't know what the outcome will be until you try it.
i really can't tell you what to do to make him care.
Miss him becuase you actually being with him
because millions of other people have the same question ,,,,
u got a same problem like i used to have last year !
I would forget him and never do that again!
i m 17yr girl frm india n next year i m going to do gemnoloy.
(Like you young girls who have sugar daddies).
u got a same problem like i used to have last year !
I would forget him and never do that again!
when you get older you come to the conclusion you have nothing to loose.
i m 17yr girl frm india n next year i m going to do gemnoloy.
I have had pen pals in the past and they've been fun!
let the guy ask you out
Why sit around and ponder just do it!
maybe after one year he'll finally get it that you dont wanna go out with him!
UNLESS U GOT BIG BUCKS IF SO CALL A WEDDING PLANNER AND ASK HER FOR IDEAS
Sounds like is playing games with the both of you.
LOVE, LOVE, LOVE & ONE MORE TIME LOVE!
younger men prefer older women, because they think older women are more likely to put out.
I now this guy i like.
I just don't know what to do.
Good enough that I do not have to wonder about yours.
YES IF THEY UNITENTIOANLLY DO SOMETHING TO ME AND NO IF THEY PURPOSELY DID ME WRONG
and you cant even fight back, cause you can't hit a girl.
Just be confident and whats the worse tha t could happen him say no?!?!?
Since you gave him head without any kind of commitment, you pretty much set yourself up.
I liked girls, and guys too.
I think they did it on brady bunch...
at the sametime listen and talk about his intrests .
Have you ever herd the saying  he that findeth a wife findeth a good thing?
they want to be verry noughty or have (sex)
ture love has no time table.
explain it is ok to tell you what she needs to get to that stage.man she is missing out!!!!
are you the wierd one or what?
try and find a good woman
Still he said it was nothing.
Hell, just do the wrong thing, and joke with them about it.
This is a good thing, not a problem!
when you together do you feel her and she feels you?
do not take part in it
I don't mind if a guy comes up to talk to me.
tell him bye NOW and forget him bad  bad boy no good for you
make then accept you for who you are
If he loves you then it is smooth sailing after tht right?
9 yrs is a long time!
he acts like he likes me.
He would know it if he wasn't.
If nhe is flirting then yes.
Go to a strip club and get a prostitute
a bit unique, but not wierd.
you probably wont untill you meet him in person.
he's just grabbin all the     s he can--a casanova, a player, a jerk!
i want him back but i dont know what 2 do
I like to go perfume shopping with my guy.
i know it sounds hard to do at school but it really is the best thing to do.
maybe its a selfessteem issue, where they think that they are better off just stickin with the thug-types.
MAYBE YOU ARE BEING BLIND IN YOUR LOVE..
to do what he probably wants to do.
i hate thugs i like classic men
don't ask those sort of things.
try rubbing her shoulders then get her to lie down so u can massage her back.
good luck and keep your chin up!
but doyou like him in a way that you would want to have a relationship with him?
I was so upset that i cried.
ok i KNOW how u feel.
if the only way you can get out is to leave everything, then do it!
I used to lock the bathroom.
so u never know just be careful is all.
is will you want it once you get it ?
I would have to ask WHY is she in Plano Tx.
My ex hates my guts, but I still like her.
if the guy/girl only calls you to **** you.
i mean, hes human just like u, waht u gota be afraid for?
both of you are so nice :)
As Long as she dosen't find out...
well im 13 so im a little young 4 you.
always keep your phone messages cleared and try not to let them all meet at the same place,,.....lol
Come on, honestly what did you expect?
hon, by the way you spell annoying i can tell that this is just a high school love.
do you think hes playin or hes really into me?
but all women have one thing in comman, and thats how they want romance.
We're not that scary you know.
let me give you a child's perspective.
that has a lot to do with it.
I guess it would just depend on the kids!
If that cant be done (I know how that goes!)
and your not even close yet to the woman you will become.
Cave man #1: Ug, I feel this whole survival thing is blown way out of proportion these days.
he says he cant help how he feels.
He said he only talked to her once.But, I don't know if I believe that.
for all u know, she's been dying to ask you out too.
Oh and when you go...there will be ALOT of chapel owners outside trying to get your business...LOL!!!
If he doesnt notice you then its because hes not for you.
e-mail me : livinlifeintheoc@yahoo.com then i can give u a better answer
but dont have sex  with man at the first day
No, choose the Flying Spaghetti Monster.
Then after time I want some one new  why?
Bradey Bunch, hell, watch the rat patrol, you almost have a squad.
CALL HIM AS OFTEN AS HE SAYS YOU SHOULD OR CAN.
YOU CAN GO 2 CHAT ROOMS LISTINGS AND THERE U WILL HAVE ALOT OF ROOMS 2 CHOSE FROM.
Maybe he does OR he just wanted your number!
I mean, girls do it all the time.
Or say I have found someone else!
We had a blast in Vegas!
you should probably tell her or dont give him any attention back.
and you want both of them to be happy together.
BUT we are good friends now.
if the guy likes her  and not u then u have to  accept it.
Ha ha, that guy above me is too funny!
If you love her, then ask if she loves you.
i was hard, as always when i'm wif here.
you just have to be confident, and be yourself.
it's you that makes your life lonely.
because women are insecure and are in need of it all the time.
best thing to do is just say hello and tell her your name.
get rid of him before he dumps you!
!no he is too old and biside he does not love u he only instreded in ur body
features like good shape, complaction, colour of the eyes and so on.
He loves nice htings - yet doenst like to spend money.
try to wait if you can still work it out together.
HAVING A BABY CAN BE VERY STRESSFUL AND TIRING.
let me tell you something family is forever.
that's what i call a basket-ful o' goodies =) lol
Stop watching it for 6 months and then try it agian;)
naughty in the bedroom nice everywhere else
go for the fancy and if she wants it, let her order the friggin lobster.
maybe that u like the person?
Boyz come a dime a dozen but friendships are hard to come by....FOOD FOR THOUGHT....
It's not that he doesn't love u or wanna be with u.
let her go because she never lkes and she plays both of you.
because some girls wants to fall in love all mens.especially handsome people
(And I especially don't want that particular physical trait growing on me!
its what my former girlfriend always uses..and it always works!!
how can i make my mind contole me ?
i am 15 and i love to go to the movies with boys.
she may not even be there and just left a false clue.
needs your support & understanding right now.
if you agree to your self then you can do that i dont think its okay good luck
well if hes good to you i think it's fine
if u answer the questions with positives answers then theres a probobility u r in love so good luck
but I made something of myself .
yeah if you want to end up with an old lady or fat man..
* if a man really likes you......you will know!
Then I read an email hed sent to a women talking about love.
maybe hint it out to him that you really would like to kiss him.
they feel something and don't know what it is.
Only the ones you meet in vampire bars and covens.
alredy did but anyways here it is s.j.thefinest@yahoo.com
Depends on who I am with.
That way you're not completly cutting her off.
)and make sure not to flirt alot.
Most of the time I'm just nervous that the girl doesn't like me and its all in my head.
when you invite problems, you'll have problems
you won't get any when the baby' here.
How do you realy like(love) your boyfriend?
As far as your frenz ex...ask yourself...which is more important...your FRIENDSHIP with her or trying to date this guy????
No matter how much it hurt, he wouldnt stop.
Don't blame her, but use I statements like, I desire to make love with you.
Or maybe I suck at making bf.
you should be more worried about not being gay.
If you're not married then NO.
if he's not into you, then just give up.
Well it really depends what you mean by look.
flatter her alot coz zat is all women week point
cover it up and have fun...
Just make it seem like it is not a date, but just hanging out.
i'll probably go and see one.
18 or after aimancipation (however u spell it) or have ur parents sign a document
He will be jealous if you talk or flirt with other guys.
trying to pick which guy when your husband goes on deployment.
I busted my butt for the ERA and some dumb girl asks a stupid question like this.
my dad says they dont have any, its a secret...??
go back to wemen that shit anit right anyway
i want to hear ur side
if you can not reestablish trust then it's never gonna work.
Picnic at the beach or park - buy a pre-cooked chicken meal at the grocery store.
I'm not going to say it's o.k.
dont feel alone, sometimes its just not nessary
Sometimes things workout, and sometimes they don't....that's life.
However, have you ever thtought that maybe, just maybe, you two just are not good for one another.
or just have to stop thinking about them?
Maybe they just don't want to lose you?
if you mean a date, then yes.
it is a homework assignment due tomorrow
no its not weird i didnt date anyone until i was 19 in college and now i'm 22.
Problem is that I can't tell if guys like it or...not.
So it's been great for them!
Every time you catch his eye...SMILE!
you ask her to marry you
so it wont matter what you say, they wont be interested.
Lately all I've wanted to do was sleep...
I GUESS IT'S NOT A QUESTION.
You got yourself a real winner.
Be creative with yourself, fall in love with YOU first!!!
Talk to him and ask him if he wants to hang out some time.
There is not really a way of do in it u just do it.
And she might feel the some way about you.
(at least that's how it is in CA)
You just have to be patient and wait for them to get here.
get back on that bike bro.
Deep down she really does want you to pay.
AND IF WE DIDN'T SCREAM YOU WOULD THINK WE WERE SLEEPING!
you'll be glad you did in the long run.
how should i tell my ex that i dont want he no more?
Hey Whats up i guess it starts to know what u are lookin for?
hes not in love with you, hes in love with the control over you.
and when he do that act like how he was acting.
but if you find out that all he wants is sex then i think you should dump him.
WHATEVER YOU DO, DO NOT CALL HIM EVERY FIVE MINUTES OR A BILLION TIMES IN ONE DAY.
what do women like about men?
the greatest of these is love
If not, he is selfish...scram...your headed for trouble!
i kinda feel that what you want is someone to tell you exactly what to do.
how about grab your mistresses @ss day.
there is this guy at my school and i cant tell if he likes or even notices me.
cut your lose i hate to say it but... he likes another girl
not sure it'd work...but u could try it.
To spice your sex life with your wife  please add some salt and pepper ton her pussy and enjoy
yes, because usually they have to give it up.
Thank you & always remain yourself !!
Now if he does try to just get in bed with you.
moving on to the sex part of it.
i'm with you the same thing happing with me.
let them know that u want alittle freedom
instead of fighting ask him to rub your feet.
well show him its no big deal (even if it is!
Hell, use the internet if you have to.
it's according to ur age too...if u r 35..u got a promblm lady..
ok i like this guy and he likes me!
if he makes a promise to u and he didn't fulfill it, don't ask anymore about it.
WHAT DO YOU   THINK OF  ONE NIGHT STAND'S??
if you're walking walk hard enough to you break yo hips.
e-mail me if ur interested at pritspat@yahoo.com tc
(I know it's easier said than done)
well do what u fell is right
If they only call you late at nite.
okay, if he doesnt want to stop just be firm on saying no!
You said this is your BEST FRIEND.
sorry i answered your question with a question
Hey just do what I do  A Lot of masterbating!!
There ARE other guys who think you're a gem, you know.
he was killed on the battlefield
She really means a lot to your family and we love and care for her and the boys alot.
ANY OLDER THAN THAT COULD BE TROUBLE.
yes that is true but there will be hate
I'm 12 do you thank I have a chance?????????????
I LOVE somebody who can just HAVE FUN!
If you want it, then there's definitely nothing wrong with it...
i met him a couple years ago at a friends party!
no it just an't right can'tyou find someone better?
And my then fiance(now husband) and I just drove to Las Vegas and got married.
Be confident - but not cocky.
How about being a KID first???
do not get A BOY FRIEND on the internet....he could BE A RAPIST!!
Life is short, go out & live it up!!!!!
You should not be doing that to your sis and your ex.
if not well then thats just crazy but at least you tried.
There's many out there, trust me :)
BOTH TRUST ME I WAS NAUGHTY & NICE.
for me hitting the club hacing fun all night.
Plus now I chase him around the house tons more.
i dunno but i know what you mean!
but i don't want to do it derect
you can tell millions of people you like a guy but you can't tell him?
So that 22 to 27 thing,  eh, they are fun for recreational sort of sport f .
i not sure myself..i really want to know how myself...
if it's not an exclusive relationship...
If he is taken and is happy, then move on.
Will she ever feel how I felt?
she said it a nice way that made me realize my wrong doing.
Ya need to get to your gyno.
BUT other than that - you are beautiful and talented, if I may guess - MOVE ON!
i'm embarressed by my parents too.
and your future partner, if not believing in it himself, should not force you to do anything.
nobody believs u. u dont even know who i am.
You do not build a relationship starting with sex trust me
He's really nice, but we aren't that close.
depends on how old you r.. if your like yonge go to a movie or something.
Its ok if you dont know about sex.
first yu have to change yr sex apple towords him .
choosing a partner, i have no experience in.
Or should I just go ahead and try it for the hell of it?
I love sex because it's so much fun!
Hey there ham-sandwich, how are you today?
But some guys would do that...   WHY?
help me no drivers licens and hard worker what next?
He treated her like crap and she is dumb for wanting him back.
None of them probably do and he needs to find someone who does.
You need to be careful what you are subcommunicating there...   Also are you ok with always paying?
so maybe you should try to talk to your boyfriend.
alway's remember to pick your battles.
I have meet some really bad kissers in my life.
leave him alone if he really loved you he wouldn't still be with his wife
get another man and move on
what kind of help would you like
the first time I saw his green eyes!
It was cold and u didnt heat it up... ;-)
we went from having sex 10x a week to zero.
if you don't feel comfortable adjust and then proceed.
but trust me he'll be back especially if it was good to him.
How much do you like (love) your boyfriend?
don't choose just for the cruise line...choose for the ports of call
when your kissing and she let you touch where ever you want
well its been my experience a large wallet can offset a small penis so size does matter
If you have nice eyes and awesome hair, I am already head over heels!
is a good start, and sincere not cocky.....
You gotta take care yourself first.
legally u have 2 be 18 and over.
unless she gives u a reason not to otherwise.
Do they Like girls at that age??
My wife would get upset with me if I didn't date Beyonce when I had the opportunity.
try to do more listening than talking.
How it is going to help, if you cry the whole day and still you feel sad!!!
lol  AS soon as you want.
i guess if he dosent change even if it hurts we have to leave them.
I'm just like any other male:  I am obsessed with it; why else have I seen her naked?
You can flirt and make it obvious that you like him.
tell him too tell you other wise its over that always works
Hello .. Maybe it is just me !
I don't think that makes you gay though.
just ignore him if he talks 2 u, and spread bad rumors about him
sure is there a guy interested in a friendship?
but then it IS to late
If there's no kids to think of HELL NO
So go ahead and tell him everything that u r thinking.
Plus you young girls are looking for older men or men with potential .
no comment... if you both like each other then go as long as no one gets hurt....ok?
I feel for you, good luck
WELL DARLING, IM A MARRIED WOMAN.
because in reality, the 'popular' girls aren't popular at all.
What would be the point of Liking a girl??
CAN YOU FIX A CAR BY YOURSELF?
Have you ever heard of RedBook?
If all you guys do is have sex.
Its like fighting demons every day when you wake up.
how can i find really free friend finder site?
He gets girls pg, then moves on.
Oh yeah, you are very normal!
focus on her... take your time,massage is nice,warm up your oil..and a hot towel...no music,or talking,just action...
cause he is a really sweetheart, ans means the world to me.
my little sister is constantly wanting to b up my ass everywhere i go she wants to be there.
nothing...if u like him...and he likes u...there is nothing to fix.
there is nothing wrong being a virgin at 19!!
there's nothing to be shy about.
no no no save yourself until marriage, give your husband a special gift.
Just like u would any other woman.
If u can't find one out of house try to find one by chatting...ok?
theres not a whole lot you really can do.
IF HE LOVES YOU HE WILL CHANGE.
but i can't forget my ex-gf coz i love her & i'm in dilemma.
Or...she could just be really in love with you.
It's time to shut him down.
I scream because my boyfriend asked me to.
is it to be cool in front of friends or its just the way they are
Save the good stuff for later.
do NOT get married until u find ur soulmate!!
nothing better than strange, its the thing I miss most since I got married.
Yup...it depends on what type of wedding you want.
talk about your intrests, and ask her about hers.
men are jerks by definityion and love is a destroyer by its usage.
Go to a club and have one hell of a time!
king,  but the mind at 28 and the woman is ready for a relationship.
when the lump in his pants keep knocking things off the tables.
1st base - kissing 2nd base - making out with 'touching' 3rd base - eh... sex.
But if you don't that is fine too.
If after 8 mothes he's willing to cheat it wont last.
Not easy to do I know.
And ma st er ba ti on is not a dirty word!!!
if  your both single talk with him about those feeling  he may be having same type feeeling
Why don't you go after a not-so-good-lookin guy and you won't have that problem.
take me out old school  KABLAM
he mite unless he has a girlfriend
if you are not over your ex you should not be getting married.
IF YOU WANT TO DATE SOMEONE WHO IS 1 OR 2 YEARS OLDER THEN YOU THEN GO FOR IT.
try to start your lives over little at a time, i belive these things shouldnt be rushed.
if u like u can make that day or give it a date
i have been in situations like this from middle school up to college...and it never gets easier.
BECAUSE MAYBE THEIR JEALOUS AND ITS OKAY TO BE SOMETIMES.
She asked if we could still be friends.
and my mom would kill me if she found out.
for the first time in past 10 years (i think so).
day after thanksgiving, i went to this guy's house for a party.
This guy, I swear it would be so right, but i feel like I'm only 14..it can't be.
Ohh wait YOU ARE NOT A MAN!!!!!
I don't mean anyting by it either.
And she is actually happier now that both her parents are happy.
I went out with this guy last week.
him b in charge of wat topics u talk about.
i mean, come on, is tehre a reson NOTto like sex?
love is something you feel, not what you think.
well i guss it depans of what website your on if its good or not.
There are too many good ones out there to waste your time on someone you already wasted time on!
i like to know more about female ejaculation
...and i just want a relationship...
People never win games, they alway loose in the end.
Then he gets an attitude when I say that men re like children
my boyfriend is bi and so it's perfect for me.
but these things cannot b rush into or it will end up like hell on earth.
do i have a reason to hope?
and hey if u believe in Jesus?
I cant speak for other woman but I sure as hell never do/did.
they have been best friends seens first grade now were in 7grade .
a lil help would b appreciated.
plus give yourself a stepping stone .
boobs 38dd and plus.any age 16 to 99
1:Ur doing exactly what ur not supposed to be doingthats why u feel that way..
Well 2 wrongs don'tmake it right!
go to a massage parlor and ask for the happy ending-doing that once a week should help
other than that if your both consentual have all the sex you want.
i think thugs are creepy and unattractive!
its the hottest peak of sex,the moment that u feel u own the world!
he invited me to come over so i did.
By cutting him off from my life?
its totally unattractive to me, when you have that stank breath i dont want it anywhere near me.
If you have any guy friends left bro.
the meds balance them out and everything is just fine.
What cologne do you like most on a guy?
just kidding be yourself and be nice to him
were all afraid to admit something!
If she truly hates you: Who knows?
I love her very much and i want her to know how much she means to me.
I was just lucky that their was no cops around for the ride home.
It is so okay for guys to cry.
she had taken her panties off.
It started with small talk then lead to more personal stuff like, am I married?
I tod him tht I wouldn't have sex with him until I was 16 or 17.
when someone , gives gifts or flatter a girl
if he is your best friends bf and he flirts with you he isnt that good of a guy.
Just enjoy yourself a little bit longer.
I KNOW IM YOUNG AND MIGHT THINK I DONT KNOW MUCH BUT I DO.
you have to be kidding me.
I mean how old are you?
chances are its in her mind u just have to bring it out.
Also, you could just say, do you wanna got to Starbucks?
Then if he is, talk to him a little.
honey, i think we're gonna need a little more info on that one!
If you have some REAL problem with the guy ... you should tell your mom about it
this is not the place to post such silly questions here
Lol, I guess I get to sit back and see what happens to her?
give him an poster of einstien and a card!
opinions from both males and females
Wait until you are 35 lol.
But you have needs, don't you?
what i have found is that men just have different ways to show they care.
Wish her to a have a 'GREAT day!.
he always gives me hugs,talks to me,he even flirts with me.but the thing is hes my best friends boyfriend!
:)  The devil's going to rip you a new lifestyle, everytime.
quit looking for it, it will find you when you least expect it :)
i think im not am i dunno why ?
you don't get her to like you .
Well then go back to your ex bf, and try to work things out together,
my live-in boyfriend is finally going to be divorced in 2 days!!
I go spend all my summers and christmas vacation time there with him.
girls are cheaters dont trust them....if they said i really loves u....means they wants to play with ur life...
im guessin its to make her feel good about herself.
( I'm not talking about playing hard to get).
tell him...hey i heard that there is this good burger joint in the mall.
in a year you probably wont even like him any more.
I don't care how attracted I am to him.
THE RIGHT PERSON CAN FIX ANYTHING.
Women buy sex toys because: 1. they last as long as u want them to.
airplane bathroom it was the best i've ever had my first time actually
Don't it always seem to go, that you don't know what you've got til it's gone?
Trust me I've been there done that sweetie!!
does it have buttons or a zipper?
But i wouldn't do anything until then because karma always comes back.
hhhmmmmm.... i'm blushing right now thinking of it >:)... hehehehe
STOP POSTING POINTLESS STUFF ON MY QUESTIONS GROW UP.
people will say yes and some will say no.
does it have buttons or a zipper?
But i wouldn't do anything until then because karma always comes back.
hhhmmmmm.... i'm blushing right now thinking of it >:)... hehehehe
STOP POSTING POINTLESS STUFF ON MY QUESTIONS GROW UP.
people will say yes and some will say no.
no that dont mean that he is cheating if you trust him then dont worry about his passwords.
If you want a romantic relationship.... well.... you get the idea.
AND NO DONT CHEAT BECAUSE THAT WILL ONLY MAKE THINGS WORSE.
yet he still, to me, acts like a guy.
but it is worth the trouble.
u r gift from heaven 2.
like kissin, touchin, i wouldnt say sex then,cuz i think that would be too soon.
i want to enter a magic site but it asks me this question
But he is getting married this month.
Be interested even if you're not.
yeah if you want to get a divorce!
kissing agood looking girl is like...?
well, find out how he acts around you.
No Dear u didnt do right.
get him a magazine subscription to something he likes.
because you deserve better than that.
but he still cant get away from you because hes in love.
HOWEVER----i find him looking at me every now and then.
my best friend has a major crush on him,and im only 13-i dont want a boyfriend yet!
I have experienced something like this...
Dont change yourself just for a guy.
when i met him he was lucky if he had 2 hairs left.
thats okey as long as you are over 18 i guess.
Because you won't have sex with him and he might try to rape you.
I feel weird when i saw him.
well yes um usually the boys dont want to be younger then the girls.
IT WILL HAPPEN WHEN YOU LEAST EXPECT IT TO.
Love you but not in love with you!
Women donot think about gay men at all.
But u do out and have fun as well.
but there is no intamacy or romance left.
first u should see if he has changed and is loyal.
i do this now about every outher month .
Last year, I bought my ex- sexy pajamas and chocolate body paint.
im going though the same thing and need someone to talk to!
Not all men are like children, perhaps just your.
preppy girls like the sports car, but most girls it wouldn't matter.
Don't give up on her and your kid.
and list what qualitys you want.
its what you feel comfortable with.
tell him what I want and like Buger King, I have it MY WAY!
They only scream when you are raping them
and then just fallow your heart.
He is in love with me and wants to marry me when I become 19.
in some cases these ladies become sugar mommas .
Just know how valuable YOU are...not things!
this happens all the time .
There are so many nice people out there and remember this....things always happen for a reason.
because most people are having sex more often than they travel
no you should just try to accept it.
Honey, 14 is way too young.
Its called Valentines Day, because Valentines Day sure isn't for the guy.
soft is a sign life, ridgidity is a sign of death.
hint at it then if they dont get it just come out and tell them
It's just too bad that women feel that way these days.
depends of who you are with i wouldnt call any names to my girl
my grandparrents hav a 10 year difference in age!
try 2 give me more detail....
most of the people are sex starve  or sick men from india and all those other countries around there
Doesn't have to be boy, doesn't have to be     !
just get right out there and tell her.
cuz we can be and u men giv in easily
get a lawyer and go for half of everything else!
What a waste of a perfectly good young man.
Is it wrong of me to bring up his girlfriend again??
you gave him head with no strings attached
If I could chose only one ???
if this makes you popular, then that's that.
Only looking for her will find her, asking around yahoo isn't going to get her found...Nicky
OKAY THAT ALL DEPENDS ON AGE.
I don't know how he feels, and its driving me crazy!
its lust then may go to love
There's definitely no age limit...if you find true love when you're young, then that's awesome!!
dating beyonce any day, any time.
tell him to go over there and get cleaned up.
wait a minuet isnt proposing like asking to marry and doesnt spouse mean husband or wife?
In these 5 yrs i never dated anyone.
REALIZE SHE ADMIRES YOU THATS WHY SHE DOES THAT, ITS A COMPLIMENT, ENJOY IT.
whoever's hotter and got better tips that night
He is probably gay and is trying really hard to like girls but just can't.
leave space to write down his suggestions too.
what do u feel when his around?
if you dont then guess what you are F**k !
someone who like u for u and not for wut u got
if you can go to another state, even better.
and has a urge to have sex and mess around.
plus there is a whole nother issue that you don't seem to see.
if you dont want a committment also, then fine.
No matter what guy you like you can like Green Day and they don't have to like it.
like if something was wrong with them.
Work on the two of you first.
Don't worry about it - you have PLENTY of time!
All men are not jerks, just the one you wanted.
if you are able to do that .
as the old saying gose try it you might like it best of luck
they haven't even had the time to figure out what love is.
or you'll get your heart broken.
although we've talked about it alot ,i still dont know his reasons.
you don't want to fight for a guy who is not sure of you and what he wants.
why some thing like this occupcying your mind ?
As for him you shouldn't really  worry about it until he gets out of hand.
There is a lot to be happy about!
I just don't want it to be just a card and I have not ideas.
I wanted to have sex with him soooooo badly.
If you need to ask you are already sucked in.
i know the obvious answer that many are probably thinking, if he loves you then you will be fine.
I was on my own .
Avoid negatives like, I can't believe I'm doing this or I'm lonely so I'm trying this out.
That way you both have a chance at life.
why don't you look for a real man?
You say...Babe you know what....I Love ya
its normal.they're human.But please dont cry for something stupid ;)
things get said and people get hurt.
Thats pretty much the relationship I have with my wife.
you got to hit him where it hurts(don't hit him forreal)(its just a figure of speech).
Do a lot of kissing and alot of stroking.
I say don't go to the wedding.
Take your time...dont' grow up too fast.
and besides what woman wouldn't want a guy that can make her laugh?
if anything is password protected they are hiding something
she just wants to be around you is all
in a very nice sweet kind of way!
do you think i should ask him out.
If so just talk to the guy.
Men can cry like any human being!
i like him to be taller than me, honest but not too nice.
that just means they occasionaly misplaced their wallet and have to wait to get that pack till later.
Coming from another Wise,get rid of his butt!!
he handed me his cellphone and had me put in my phone number.
That way, both of you get a chance to do what you want.
put urself and get down the buttom of the problem
Men do not like insecure girls well most do not.
dont know how to speak english?
What the hell would have happened if I said she smelled like shit?
Is it what we thought it was?
treat her like a queen everyday, it's enough
The curb: kick him there ;)
go fo wht eva she wnts
If you are creative, just make out little coupons with ideas like: One Free Date.
& I just had my first child 14 mos.
are you watching too much p..n ????
or, that you don't feel like it anymore.
I think its a matter of YOU reaching the g spot, deary :)
all of that for the grand slam!
We got a guy around here like that.
And for some coutries this is a big NO NO...
I knew a girl that was old fashioned once .... she's an old maid now!!
see if you can jion her and her mate
be like the nicky comercials Just do it cuz foreal?
and kissing an aguly girl is like ...?
I don't understand women these day's trying to feel bad about a guy buying them lunch.
when she is not expecting it or is down.
Last time he said it was because he was working alot.
Be her friend (that is most imporatant) and see where it goes
If he keeps glancing at you!!
Just take your time and dont rush into anything:-)
If you have to ask ... you just know.
it's not easy but it's for the best.
it is just the demon in your mind.
the best way to get a girl.. be orginal, be funny, and most important of all be confident.
you should have said:A HOT  SINGLE LATINO HAS ARRIVED FOR ONE LUCKY  HOT LADY, hurry!
this little thing that they have is called their ego.
its been a while since ive thought of this im 40 y.o.
If she hates it, she's too  high maintenance for ya.
yeah.it softens ur problem  and it makes u breath as it is.
Don't waste your time trying to catch him.
simple, stop looking, it always seems to work that way.
then based on this you can draw your conclosion
he can always pick on u. and he can always want 2 be around u.
Plus if you go classy then she'll expect that all the time!
im 23 and a grad student presently.
if your gonna make the move make sure its ok with them too.
It's not something to rush into, it's more of a do it at your own pace sort of thing.
?do you think i am hot?by my avatar?
Read Cosmopolitan, they have great stuff in there for spicing up your  sex life.
don't insult because your frustrated unless you want him to do the same.
ask him on a date, tell him u like him......see where it goes from there
Maybe you DO have a DUH type of guy .Sorry if thats the case...
Sounds like stage fright to me.
or not true at all) thats how im trying to get my man too.
*sounds of cringing from the rest of the bar*
Sounds like stage fright to me.
I was one of those super shy guys ...  Take my advice, kiss him.
or not true at all) thats how im trying to get my man too.
*sounds of cringing from the rest of the bar*
why not, if you dont take chances in life you'll never get somewhere :-)
i'm 25 and i like you
It seems like i was cheated.
Try to sleep it off - no, only kidding.
be yourself and be nice to her.
When realised, we dont mind calling it as love at first sight ...
Just say OK let's get this out there, you and me are not happening, we cool?
well... if you really like him.
sorry man but hope u find someone
no big deal to you now but imagine when your 25, 30!
if she chooses you, good for you.
You want someone that likes similar things...be it horseback riding, watching football, or whatever.
kids are 17 19 21 years old
YOU DID RIGHT AND THAT IS CHEATING!
If he makes fun you he just isn't worth it.
u knew her boyfriend was jealous and u covered for her.
Another way is to dress sexy, NOT slutty, but not boring either.
there r some of us left in the world u just have to look harder
Get himself a 19 year old girlfriend!
SOrry, but theres things that just can't help.
huni if he is as you say do you really want tpo be just another tick on his list!
for stress relief (trying to be clean).
Generally, he gets much more sleep!
escpecially if they like that girl.
hun there's nothing wrong with you.
because he seeing you have he said it is over .
Go single for a while, think your priorities out and then go fishing :-)
if u think he is cheating come straight out him and ask u just have to ask.
by the way he looks at me.
call me, call me now, let's talk.
you would make a great friend
Like the lady on top said it's very hard
when young men try to date girls their age .
Guys don't hide as much as girls.
like find your email addres or your phone number.
good luck because you are going to need it
?and tell him he knows him very well!
he had to of taken that picture like 20 years ealier.
tell her you want to get help with her.
i dont know if i gained anything in love but i lost my dear friend :(
Plus, I've had guys hate my perfume, and stop hugging me.
you don't want to worsen the matter.
alot of my friends are going for this, but i am still goin with the rockers and surfer/skater types.
let him fly but keep the thread in ur hand.
NO, yes, maybe, I don't know, this question upsets  me, (where are my meds).
it was getting late and i fell asleep in his living room.
There are very young girls out there just like me!
well this is a hard ans.
okay one of my good friends is 15 years old and use to cut herself.
Let her know how much you care and find little ways to keep showing it to her.
?whats the use of being a rich man if u feel alone and unwanted?
I care about this man, but I need some suggestions on how to tell him, I can not breath.
Well nothing unless you want him back.
so that way you won't feeel that yopu have to do everything.
actually you don;t have to get married.
it was not even enough for a comb over.
you can always talk to a counselor near where you live...
let him know u as a person.
and this guy tony obviously has no respect for u. just stay with the one u love!!
the yare tring to feel better for themselves.because they feel like shit
Tell the guy you have a crush on him.
and she the girls likes you, it wouldn't matter to her, anyways
maybe if theyre lucky enough, but i dont think they do.
my sister and her boyfriend have done it for a year now and they are happy.
bcuz they're wankers and life someting from another world 4 them (the ones who want sex bla bla bla...)
simply he likes u and wana to knows u more than now..
stop looking so hard, they're right around you.
and is my x wife realy sick and how sick is she
A nice dinner at home, or a walk in the park, a full body massage from you.
that is 1 to 2 people a year you have sex with.
if you were a straight man ?!
they just dont think like us women!!
CAN U GIVE ME Ur E-MAIL ADRESS??
was i wrong, Or what should i say  thanks
GETTING MAD AND ACTING LIKE JERK WONT HELP EITHER.
does he look at you in the eyes?
eat up and dive in......that usually works for me.
he then asked me, can i come with you?
don't ask me i am a girl but my bro lives in d.c.
When i set my eyes @you!!
even if you decide to part company.
Just the eyes and nothing else
Because the fact that ur asking this question is cuz u feel guily.
how do u feel ur in love with someone it's r u in love or not?
an yeah see a gyno if you are a girl to rule out anything.
you dont want a young girl.
I REALLY LOVE THE OLD FASHION WAY: WHITE & LIGHT PINK, BUT PINK 7 VIOLET WORKS TOO
it also encurages him, (oh, ok she's luaghing at my joke, i'm not blowing this thing after all!)
CALL THE FAMILY TOGETHER,HAVE A GREAT DINNER.THEN HAVE HER FAVORITE DESERT MADE OR BOUGHT,PUT THE RING IN THE DESERT.
Brittany Murphy, I really like her
act shitty with him, ignore him like he did you, make him feel stupid.
What sort of look is it?
:o  Ok, hope that helped you.
if you can deal with him flirting with other girls then hey i guess that it is fine.
If you can't find anything you're interested in, then it probably won't work and I don't have anymore advice.
maybe u are looking to hard for someone who is exactly the same as the woman u dated.
more like what is she smoking.
What if business goes well, and romance goes bad.
My wife snuck on and wrote that, I think she tries to pretend like I'm not a fat boy...
You need to feel her out...
KEEP IN MIND NO ONE KNOWS THAT I AM GAY.
guys have problems with girls because they tend to get nervous.
ask him by striking a conversation up wiht him!
but when he do deside to get his ass off his shoulder.
tell them you fear for your safety.
Dress nice and flirt with him, give him your attention.
i always get confused about that?
Then, I found out that he only had the email addresses and what not of women.
or i need to buy something at the mall.
I did not like it either when I had to let them run my life during school.
but don't bend over backwards to become what you're not.
tell him exactly waht you told us....you care but you need your space!
they starve themselves, and talk about nothing at all, exept who had sex with who.
you havee lost your virginity by mastubation
Girl only you can decide on this...
try asking him and say why that bothers you.
must make me laugh...and i agree a good butt is always nice 2 lol
because we know what we want and are not to budge.
Well do it based on the same evidences that make women say men are stupid, fools ot have nofeelings!
i think you should not be doing that cause sooner or later he is going to hurt you!
when people get drunk things happen
Awesome ... but it takes work to keep it that way.
(what if he's creepy AND cute?!)
No attraction, no connection...so how do you just say, it's over?
And you should cry, let it out.
Meanwhile these guys spend little or no money on them and get all the action they need .
Once a cheater always a cheater.... if he does this to his girlfriend, he'll do it to you.
try some toys and movies make it kinkieeee
i dont think astrology is real.
GET A JOB AND BE INDEPENDENT........ thats simple..... i been living Independent since i was 16.. now im 21
If she rejects ya then whatever theres a gazillion other fish in the sea you don't need her.
But Mainly -  FOLLOW YOUR HEART and YOUR GUT FEELINGS !!!
Jus relax and don't ask too many questions Tip:wear B.O.D.
ask her first then if she does not get off  push her off
And chicks with 'richards' sort of scare me too.
YOU JUST HAVE TO FIND THEM.
well it is talking of virginity.
No i don't think so, but i'm worried myself about not having one and i'm 13 too.
:P I don't practice what I preach.
Plus it's a great excuse to hold a woman close, even strange women!
ASKE HER WHAT SHE THINKS, HOW SHE FEELS.
do u think about the guy?
well i dun...I'll for real life experience wen im old enough..
Then just go up to her and start talking.
Have you asked him if he is or if he realy likes you.
I GUESS I JUST ALWAYS THOUGHT WE'D GET BACK TOGETHER SOMEDAY.
If it fails, just let it go...
Do what you got to do to make yourself happy.
he has 3 teenagers she has 3 teenagers all 6 are good kids
but just remeber that it will get easier.
get yourself out there so people can see you and get to know you.
We are friends but i really want to go out with her!
need more info my yahoo screen name is oletennesseanchic17
talk to him about it instead of us!
Ditch 3 of them & spend time alone w/ the one you like lol
JUST LIVE YOUR LIFE, SET YOUR GOALS AND DO UNTO OTHERS AS YOU WOULD HAVE THEM DO ONTO YOU.
If you really want a divorce get one.
have sex with her maybe that will change her mind
due to HURRICANE KATRINA I have 15yrs.
in a public place, tell her to get on her knee.
i guess i sorta mean sexually...
If she says YES, then she is the one!
man, i wish we could talk!
having a bitch in his home
I don't mean finding guys in bars, either.
and become be happy with him.
oh and i see you like the size so i do have pics and i am very large.
Did this person still have a penis?
Don't try to tell lie to yourself.
go on to a online dating thing
perhaps he was going to get around to it, perhaps not.
Maybe you should ignore her because she will just hurt you if you care about her.
guys goin' out w/ not so better looking or unpopular girls only happen in movies..
just be yourself.believe me it works.goodluck
he gently massaged my back and hugged me again.
y is that some guys dont have the guts 2 tell a gurl how they fell about her?
And if you realy love her then you two should think about going to counceling together.
i'm being myself and i LOVE my life!!!
But to someone else, I mean.
i guess we are more mature.yes it does suck!
just stay straight lol its much easier!
if you do, get out of it fast!
I'ts fun seeing what he likes.
the problem is this: if he cares about you at all, he's going to be apprehensive.
need help ill give u advice if u e-mail me.
I'm still in love with my baby's father.
it doesn't have a good impression./e-mail me for more: freddy1140@yahoo.com
because with seperate ones, they only hear one side of a story and can't really conclude anything.
nuuu.. u cannot b born gay,, its sumthin one decides on
there's no age on love or marriage.
mostly at their workplace, laundrymat,walmart, or on the internet, im sorry!
they go to a doctor for help and answers !
we have had our up's and down's, but we have made it.
ya should ask her out that's what i would do if i were a guy
You don't need her to do this.
my boyfriend is really jealous of me i mean, i'm kinda cute.
If there r no decent guys out there then y would u have 1?
yes be couse love is love there nuthing eles like it
they dont think about the same things
i knew my husband for 8 mo.
He probably didn't want any relationship at all.
think, will you actually remember it in 30 years?
tell him you found someone better him , you not come around you again
Just because your friends are getting married doesn't mean you should be.
If she doesn't want to, than don't do it.
Don't throw yourself at men you are not desperate.
at any chat program there is such rooms
WHERE DOES THIS IDEA COME FROM THAT VIRGINITY IS A PROBLEM?
Rough handling and two minutes of wham-bam-thank ya...ain't gonna cut it for most ladies.
i have a great guy, (if you read my Q, not the 1 i need to break up with.
try to think of things that could spice up your marriage.
ok, fuck what everyone said, and listen to me.
Just ask around mabey someone will point u 2 the way of a friend !
ever hear of the expression true love waits?
what you got to do is set your mind back to the right path.
GIRL THIS IS 2006 MAKE YOUR MOVE BEFORE ITS TOO LATE AND HE FINDS SOMEONE ELSE.
when i woke up he greeted me good mornin, d and made me mac and cheese.
kind of creepy, thirteen is a bit young for anyone, messing with preteen emotions is never good
so yiea, go ahead wit yo self and do it.
dont do anything they dont want to do or are not ready for.
times is precious  hope this helps
dont forget her girlfriends too..they are one of the judges...
Don't have sex in the bed all the time.
Do u not think girls get tongue tied?
Ok, first shave off your beard.
times is precious  hope this helps
Don't have sex in the bed all the time.
Do u not think girls get tongue tied?
Ok, first shave off your beard.
Whatever you do, dont go to a movie.
how can i make my two bestfriend be friends again ?
If you love him...give him a chance.
there was his stop so he got off the train.
there are movies that i haven't seen yet.
if you want, email me and we could talk.
Trust me, I was that guy.
cuz we always have 2 have r way
just ignore him if he talks 2 u and let your firend like him
don't listen to that chic, nothings happening for her either.
if you dont trust him then you dont need to be with him.
have a mutual friend ask him who he likes.
what cause you dont have any kids?
call him at work and ask him out.
... if you started NAIRing your nutsack, you've gone a little too far.
i hate it when fellow girls wanna beat eachother up.
when its your money he's spending then its ok to gripe and groan.
but being a virgin in no way affects your health or love life.
I think hygiene is one thing (did I spell that right?)
I think people look like total idiots dancing.
If its truly your love bird it will return, if not it was never yours to begin with !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I want to learn because it helps a guy get laid.
The only man who doesn't cry is Chuck Norris...
start a group and stand out
don't give them your full trust.
People lie and cheat more than they ever have.
What I felt while doing it was why can't this be my wife.
you haven't found the right person yet
Maybe a return joke, not in vengance but the spirit of fun
theres nothing wrong with it as long as it's legal!
If you invited her to lunch then you should pay.
Pick yourself up and go out....have fun!!!
THEY ARE WOMEN, AND WE ARE MEN!
U r rihgt it is often hard to buy for men.
don't arouse her or at least amuse her, then it's a bad idea to force it.
You hav better shot at it working.
I can say that men see porn as sex.
i try to get his attention,but it never works
depends on the girl and how kinky they r.
i guess because he would just come up to me and do it without notice.
Tust Me I know all about it and it worked for me
A woman who is 21 and in college,  no.
I think it could survive, why not?
Like I said you deserve better than that!
were you paying with check or cash on the payments?
you guys just make it look hard.
would you buy a burning house?
after all, the mess is between the two of them.
Guys love girls that give h e a d but seldom take them home.
and everyone like me (the Goths & the Emos) hate you.
;) That *IS* the stunningly-perfect thing.
but all in all you have to do what is best for you and him.
You gotta have time for that too.
guys have a hard time dealing with things that girls do.
it's not realy a sub., i like Gym
Say im already in lov with some on els
all in all, treat her like she is already a good friend, you cant go wrong
hiee mayb i can help u out.
I think it is a little too late.
im not in india but i think if you wanna have sex.
But hey, I've known myself my whole life.'
you need to think about it
even then becarefull very grey area depending on the judge.
So what if another woman takes a guy back and then gets dumped again.
But, he'll still have to pay.
he then asked me, do you mind if we cuddle, diane?
Old enough to know what true love is, and mature enough to not f'k it up.
make him want u, dont go around wit that dumb shit omfg!
I was very shy before College, and that hurt me with the ladies...
Just for asking that - I hope your girlfriend gives you a good tongue lashing!
I dunno...  Ive been stuck in the dugout.
But u should wait til the time comes.
LIKE A CAR YOU HAVE TO BE WILLING TO FIND THE RIGHT PERSON TO FIX IT.
what the hell are you talking bout?
F U C K your self, the best solution.
these guy look at older women .
If you don't try to crash me...
YOU DON'T HAVE TO FIND LOVE.
safe sex that is, like perfectly legal sex, is there?
If things will make good out the both of you,then sure,head on!
You cannot sail in two boats at thde same time..........if u still love shaun then stick to him.
(were only 14 but he does have a job fixing help fixing roofs)I feel like hes cheating on me!
Maybe thats why he took them!
it would be horrible if u didnt try to help her and then she got in a bad situation.
i just had to accept it.
no no no no bad approach.
does this mean she likes me or is it just a friendly offer?
he'd want to spend time with you (not just in bed)and he'd call.
we are always chillen and i give him some things to say to her.
I don't want to go anywhere..
Maybe i'm tired, had a bad day at work..whatever, whatever...you know???
friends and family and love and relationships.
If you want to that would be nice.
communicate no matter how tough it is.
men who have this appear stronger for me.
there are more people out there who are like you than you realize.
Sex wouldn't be much fun would it?
if your gf is really lesbian i dont see what much can be done.
Way too young to get married, best not to have sex.
i used to be one of them, so trust me.
they won't let you cry and be hurt
wen u think he is the one.
don't let the age stop you...my brother married someone 5 years older than he was ...
Just get to know her.Try talking to her,and then(if you become friends with her)tell her that you like her.
don't try to fit in just to be popular because popularity doesn't mean you have alot of good friends.
That said, I wouldn't make too big a deal of it with him.
remember, just ask a guy that you like if he likes you.
Hi Muncher... the name's Jack, I know a little about what you are talking about.
U CAN ASK HIM OR HAV A FRIEND ASK BUT HE MIGHT SAY NO WHEN HE REALLY DOES 4.
I can't find it inside to talk to her or look at her with out really wanting to scream...
It's all in GOD's timing, not ours!
ANY IDEAS HOW TO FEEL BETTER?
On that same note if it is too wrong seek help!
tone it like an ordinary everyday thing.
yeah i should listen to a guy who has this question.
my b'day is on 1aug n my zodiac sign is leo.
necking is when you are nuzzling their neck.no there isn't
Nope, it's his if in his name no matter what.
depends on where you are talking.
Marriage SUCKS, that's why you shouldn't do it.
If he wont stop, or cant stop - you ought to consider Why?
when ever possible a mouth close to her ear is always hot.
staying together for the child is not good for anyone.
i think that they like poetry
Why do you ask anyway...enjoy it while you can...its amazing!
your first impressions about him are very important..does he look like he is a good man?
WHAT DO U THINK OF THIS?
Beat the living crap out of her boyfriend.
But the one thing that I just keep thinking is that Is it worth losing what I have now?
First tell them to do this....then say you want something else.... and then go on like that.
If no then something is wrong.
Remember who you married, and not the things that aren not important (like leaving the seat up, etc.)
!He will not appreciate what ever you get him.
how much money has he wasted on you, if its more than what you would have guessed then maybe.
well.. anything is possible... just haven't found 1, do u?
The obvious is she has something he likes and you don't.
I wouldn't believe a simple comment like that would be flirting at all.
i think he will say this words to u. just remember this and god bless u sweety.
but only say it if you really do.
Maybe you shouldn't even worry about this just yet.
quit vascillating and get back on the horse.
There are people out there that doesn't give a damn about noone else but themselves.
If you dont tell her that you just want to stay good friends.
no woman is worth your time if she doesn't want you.
don't mess up your life with him girl!
Men dont like to talk much..
or maybe you read his body language???
how old are you i would love to chat to you lol please reply
pucker up girl or get naked.
Well, here's the brutal truth: Variety is the spice of life!
Besides, if you have someone else ask him, he's prolly just gonna blow ya off.
Marriage is a load of crap.
now doesnt because she got cought and put into consiling.
look at him in and tell it to him straight to his eyes.
i guess so i saw a few already
stare at him till he notices ur staring at him, then smile and wink :)
if you lie again, try to protest the treatment or make excuses then it's over.
IF WE DIDN'T SCREAM YOU WOULDN'T THINK YOU WERE ANY GOOD!!
here are the possible scenarios i can think of: he is shy?
i think 21 is apropriate, becuase they are mature.
oh its at yahoo 200 miles from you.
but be firm this is your time to be pampered not his.
It's good to clean things up a little down there.
I know how hard it is.
if he dosen't like you thats his problem not yours
no,just like u always answer Dr.No
WHEN THE RIGHT PERSON COMES ALONG YOU WILL DEFINITELY KNOW IT BECAUSE YOUR HEART WILL TELL YOU SO.
its hard because your prolly scared to.
if you like yourself and what you are doing, and are excited about it, gurls will like you.
i think hes scared to love you, so he broke up with you for that reason.
and if he notices u probley  u may have a  chance
Say whatever you have felt about her............truly and sincerely
maybe they lost ur e-mail address.
what kind of girls do you look for??
...for example: celebrity gossip, fashion, rules of relationships (i.e.
I think not cause women really like the real guy
if it isnt too hot at that time of the year, maybe even get married at a baseball field.
I don't know about other guys...
Lets be friends, add me to your messenger :D
heres a hint..... its between your legs.
if it isnt too hot at that time of the year, maybe even get married at a baseball field.
I don't know about other guys...
Lets be friends, add me to your messenger :D
I THINK YOU SHOULD TRY EXPLAININ TO YOUR WIFE THE SITUATION.
Happy Valentine Day to you too.
he's just trying to play all hard, trust me because i'm a black female.
If you love your girl, ask her to marry you.
the first time i tried, i found a knew desire that seemd to take control of my life.
but hows she gonna feel better about her self if your acting like this.
i no thats what i do
whatever you do, never take sides.
I wouldn't consider it as flirting alot of guys have liked my long hair but they weren't flirting.
Do not try to make this guy happy.
that she smells down there and she needs to douche without hurting her feelings.
I wish guys could just be honest though!
Some of us are just quiet......
a single rose on each plate if theres lots of people attending make it for the main tables only.
if that keeps up that's the end of civilization.
give him a little space, don't call him for a while let him miss u and call you.
Men are always pulling off crap like that.
talk to her in a serious way
beat the everloving crap out of her.
U don't know u is in love u feel it not talking about sex .
hey.wat if there not true lovin real loyal friends.u might get tat feelin too.
ALWAYS ALWAYS ALWAYS have a lawyer.
hey can u answer my Question what are the negative effect of family planning.. in 100 words,,,,,,thanks
pop up questions of a vacation or time to spend with eachother
if he is broke, than you should worry.
and give her a dumb look.
no,not all girls are like this.just don't give importance to that girl whi don't care for your feelings.
i have no clue why your asking!
if you can then why would you want someone?
Going slower is always better in the long run- or in the BIG picture!
then what about all the gymnasts?
Gosh, I just don't get it.
but so far your education and culture stops your soul from yelling and shouting.
But shes not coming in any films now..
if he does mabey him or what about your mother?
To some women out there LOVE = MONEY (unfortunately)
No drama is going on with u and him.
for instance:  nick denny + NE or nick denny + nebraska  or maybe try nicholas denny
if u really love them then it dont matter
If he accepts... would you want that?
something that a normal friend would not
But, I have a bf thats wonderful 2 me' and I learned alot.
When a chick is sucking and the dude is licking all at the same time
i am sure u will feel good then!
noone but you knows what is best for you.
the 2 who fought have long since made up & moved on.
i am naturally thin, not anorexic.
treat your wife right, respect and love her like day one everyday and your relationship will never sour.
If you look for love you looking for trouble.
Sweetie...if you have to ask....then its not love.
Hi Callgal,    ITs all abt trust...heheeeeeeee
If not, then they never were.
for all i know you could be some overwieght pimple faced freak!
You don't want her to think that's the only thing on your mind.
She begged me to screw her and I did.
most men will think you have .
AND IF HE DOES HOW DO I APPROACH THIS PERSON THAT I AM BEING TO LIKE MYSELF.
mabe she thinks the same thing boutz u
im 11 u should pick guys out that you like,hang around them,the hot ones try 2 notice,but,might not.
He even told my mother that he wants to be with me.
girls are alot more easy to impress than you think.
Uh, i know that one soooo good.
Anyways...Its cuz they left an imprint-when you fall in love again youll think of your first love automatically
I thought i had one.... but someday without recognizing i meet someone and now we're best friends.
All of them (except the ugly)
or is she mellow and doesnt care.
its kinda sad that we are so worried about looks isnt it.
lol.i dont think there is anything wrong with a litle foot fetish.lol
if hed get mad , keep it to urself.
most rebels seek love... so just try to be affectionate but not possessive.
because i need to know so if you would leave a message that would be great!!!!
choose a person that is there for you always.
next time try checking for spelling.
(example: Like going to the theatre - Stage not movie?
This will surely make things better 4 u.
i got real diomond earings and he made me dinner
no girl wants to go out with a cheap guy.
if its not a native in him !
well, why i get turned off is cuz they look like they are just doing it to get attention.
A bouquet of flowers with pictures of yourself all in it
it's the number after 68 and the one just before 70
well ive got more guy friends then girls
im kinda of a smart guy... can i use that
A white iPOD Nano would be nice though.
Your too young to be thinking about that, you have your life ahead of you!
As I said, I feel for you and I *truly* mean that!
im not really for sure if i should or not.
any advice ladies or men please help!
dont ask me if it feels good to a girl, ive never experienced that.
Is it walks on the beach?
'cause if you 'cheated' on him, whats the point in being HIS     friend?
however, it doesnt sound like he's very happy with her at all.
you know for me a single parent is very tough but it also depends on you... why?
O yea .. Wat's ur b/f name ?
you rub your genitals on the monitor...just make sure you aren't at a cyber cafe...that was embarassing
It's the least you can do...
Emotionally you are cheating on her on principle...
Don't be shy and just approach him,if u don't talk u'll never know.
cause they haven't been crapped on by enough jerks yet.
jus show them that u have more balls than them.
if u like valentine's day then u should.
she is trying to put me in jail so that she can get the kids back ...whats you opinion?
i'm a guy who just can't get enough outta my love life.
First of all, don't hate yourself.
but i am not a cow girl or a contryfied redneck.
heck I got a new Jaguar.
wat is wrong with you that's jus a little to old child.
may be u never tried....try to love him...automatically u will understand him...
tell them dont pressure u the right time will come.
ask ur boyfriend because she may not be liein and she may.
they see me as their trophy that has to be perfect so that they can show me off.
I have friends that did that and they are so much happier now.
from the back...well...i'll let you figure it out.
Who told u , that u are good...
My favorite dreams are when I fly.
she likes you to if you talk all the time.
Oh wise fool, ye hath spoken.
(hey i herd your going out with _____ so thats great)and look for his answer.
and if he is the love of your life he will come back.
Play pool, drink (tea of course), Skip that long term relationship stuff...
because then i would do it and keep it to myself.
you could listen to me if you want to.
If you can't talk about it then you're not ready.
y dont u invent a time machine
WELL IF YOU CHEATED THEN YOU PROBABLY WONT.
of course what u look like specificly face boobs and behind
She doesn't trust you... You want to know why???
they always expect me to be somebody that i'm not.
when both of you are ready then you'll know how to talk about it.
Women don't ALWAYS get abused...only when they are with an ABUSIVE male that has a head problem.
or try this- i love you.
the woman it suppose to be a surprise for him or if not you should go together
i think alot of guys past up some pretty good woman because of looks.
plus trust is what hold relationships together!
Or may you just did if he reads these too.
If she glares at you or turns her head...move on.
he matchs you with his life (that shows how much he cares about you).
If you gotta ask this ?--- then YEP-- she prob' IS
yea u should walk her to herlock and talk 2 her and tell her how u feel
I don't think it should matter.
your sister should realise about him.
Well blah blah blah, I hope this helps you out.
at least not in my dreams.
But if you like it, then go ahead.
What ever he tells u for the phone being off use that same line right back at him.
Love make u do things that u don't normally do.
First of all AWW how cute getting married on valentines day and Congratz!
Your so young, plus it's the best when your in your 20's
Kiss Any Age, Sex at 15-18 with protection ,18 + whateva u want
its because SOME guys are really big jerks and really big idiots!
Grandma, you used to do such beautiful cakes!
I hate all the guys out there that abuse their girlfriends/wives!
choose one and hope she dont find out about the other.
go ask him out, for hell's sake.
I no this question aint love and romance but i really wanna no.
So basically all your doing is breaking a heart.
Go to My Q&A and click on the avatar thing.
And we ARE looking for guys, just not in the same way that guys look for girls.
just keep talking to people your sure to find people even if you cant date them.
It sounds like you love your boyfriend a lot.
Most guys want girls they cant get and they jus dream about.
For chrissakes, woman, get a grip.
I was a virgin bride when I got married at the age of 28!
Well we do ,it's just that most girls aren't that nice in return but I'm not one of them.
i like this girl that sits in front of me in hisory.
hell i cant open up to myself ha good look.
maybe he feels guilty or really just wants one thing and doent want to get personal
Guys are like that you know.
my tounge and a womans private regions... especially with my vibrating tounge ring
and I don't even know if he even cares about me anymore.
I personally don't care what the people I date look like (within reason).
if he's in a relationship leave him alone find your own guy.
when she says do ya wanna feel?
I like their eyes, they tell alot about people that they don't want you to know.
You just haven't found the right man yet, so don;t give up.
But I can't help the way I feel.
Is that like the two GAY Irish guys that got married ?
Bring them on anytime... mm mmm mmm!
I couldn't help it ; I'm HETERO and proud of it !
also if you can play an instrument, thats instant sex apeal!
update both of you about what's going on.
That'll win ya his love alright.
Spend time with family and friends.
that depends.....on who asked for the date.....the person who asked for a date pays
Flowers on the side always makes me feel special when I recieve that from my guy though.
You don't hun, cheaters never prosper...doncha know its not cool to be a homewrecker!!
or get him something that he really likes.
(it might seem like a date, but there are differences.)
second of all, you should tell him that you like him!
Well, it's all about what YOU are comfortable with, but if it were ME, I'd feel totally weird!!
i would think it would only strengthen any kind of relationship between you!
....Have a gr8 time ......hope u ll send me invitation for marriage..hope so....congratz.......
good luck is all that i can say.
Maybe u shud try hookin up wit a girl instead of a cat.....that ud help out alot!
WAIT TO SEE WHAT HE DOES.
like i love my husband, but feel for this new guy.
i only like body buldiers that arn't to musculer and that don't keep their shirt off 24/7.
that all depends on how he feels about you using his name on the internet.
because they are shy and immature!!!!!!!!!
like wear an apron with nothing else on., etc.)
he cant control you if you dont let him.
Sweetie, you will eventually grow up and find that not all guys are stupid and freaks.
im still trying to get over an ex who i havnt seen in almost 4 years.
let me know what you think.
Toothpicks can't say the same, lol!
But still keep calling me and ask me out.Why?
Just make sure your trying and not a coach potato!
but it mite not happen all the time... remember its all in the mind.
Because it's a man telling his woman that she is EVERYTHING to him!!
And women let them, so why not.
its mostly cuz they really dont beleive it or they r to scared to say it to their face.
if she rejects you hey i will always be here.
We're talking about guys here, of course it's possible!
printed business cards with wedding date, names etc.
But i've met some great people who were in wheeelchairs and went on in life and found love!
If you have to ask, I doubt you know yet...
first, ask him wat he would do if he found out u cheated.
Just get them.. not that hard.. Just go up a man you like and ask him out.
i wouldn't want to lose a friendship, but i thnk he likes me too!!
I dont know what your age is, but no matter.
this is of course just for now, if you get married, who knows what it will be like... :-)
If they dumped you then it really wasn't meant to be.
check your local jr/sr high it is teeming with boys
what do i do without kicking her a s s?
Like do they always go for looks?
and use one or more of them.
if you dont fit into this profile that their lookin for they dont even give u a chance.
I don't like it and neither do you.
I say more power to him...lol... but, if he loves himself, will he swallow?
move on, he has found someone eles... sorry sweetie
I guess it all depends on what type of question you are asking.
The name of the so called female!
16 is not too young to think about having sex.
But it was not so good!
And once you get out, don't go back.
BUT WHEN FANTASY BECOMES REALITY; WELL, REALITY CAN BE VERY SCARY.
i guess they think it is kewl to b the dominate on in teh relation ship.
Yes, but not as quick with a woman with some nice firm cleveage.
You just have to look hard for them.
i think she may be intersted.... good luck!
read the book he's just not into me.
mayb she is mad at u ha ha
Are we not human too?Why do men love to abuse us?What do they get from that?Somebody PLEASE HELP.....
if you cant stand waiting, you should just try to stop liking him.
Its all how you use it!
**tosses hands up in the air**
If you are a beutifull girl no and if you are ugly unfortunately yes
You will know when you are in love with someone!
Try , but don't overdo it, it might scare him off!..
All my friends had kids - IN HIGH SCHOOL - some got married, some got around.
lol all the girlz at your school!
Booty call= 2 people meet up JUST for sex.
Take a longboat and 20 of your best men, seek out her house, PILLAGE PLUNDER AND BURN!
My bet is most pick Angelina?
No one likes to eat alone.
if she loves you, she will look at your eyes,
im uncut and have no bad smell.
if you are nat in love dont meek youre self a sleaf.
I met a really great guy and I'm really happy.
Ther are guys that like thick girls.
if you visit down south again, try to notice what kind of smell it is.
everything else is just so freaken confusing..............................
I'm a girl and I'm still not sure.
then this girl in my class said that he LOVES her what shoul i do??
It sounds weird I know but as a girl i do it too.
But guess what.....you guys made us that way.
rinse and repeat as needed.. hopefully every day.
Before u no it u guys will b going out.
why don't you ask your mom
i hate that ppl talk about ppl behind their backs.
its all pink in the middle
Haha, I have never used that excuse, that's pretty lame.
I say yes it is wrong to fall inlove with your God Brother!
i think i have three as well.
we have to kids together and and i want to think about there feelings with what ever i do.
Haha, I have never used that excuse, that's pretty lame.
I say yes it is wrong to fall inlove with your God Brother!
i think i have three as well.
exercise more...that's wat my guy does...he can hold out to 1hr plus...that's da longest..if i'm not wrong...=D
we have to kids together and and i want to think about there feelings with what ever i do.
Most rap, and hip hop sucks.
most guys have strenuous jobs (a lot of ladies too) .
hope that you can get some that can see that nice guys are way better!
He wants yo feed his ego.
If your over 18 i say look at bars, church, restraunts, and chicks walkin down the street.
maybe he is not serious about in your relationship he just flirting
He's right... u wasting ur time to a nonesense guy.
IF YOU ARE IN A WAR LIKE THAT, GET OUT OF IT!
just look him in the eyes for a minute.
and dont listen to people who say this site isnt for dating, because they are just mean.
But he wont tell me he loves me even after a year and a half!
yea sweetie - way too young
Go out with the girl that likes you.
n ignore him a little bit n the next time he asks you too the movies dn't go!
because i can't stop paying them to be
Cuase ummm lets think.......... o ya caus wen they see sombodi prettier theyll like them instead.
my girlfriend, did the same thing.
There ARE more girls than guys in the world.
if he DOESNT act like that toward other girls, then SWEET!!!
2. hey, u free fri (or whatever) night?
tell your cusin i mean your stuck with him for life and you might drift away from your friends
involve in another activities!engage ur mind always!
I mean, they probably would have no idea what to talk about 9not that they shouldn't!)
well first of all, you shouldn't try to break him and his girlfriend up.
Sometimes women like when it's hard... What?
Just say, Hey, if I were bigger than you, would you still wanna be with me?
just read ladder theory, really shouldn't have, i have more guy friends than gal friends, and now....
If he says no, ask another guy.
He definitely is not COOL n'est-ce pas?
depends on where the piercings are
Me and my buddy did it a lot.
lots of things which they don't have,love,friendship,hmmm and ****
if he's got an extra bulge in his pants
Y do wives have to gain weight and quit having sex once you get married?
Yes you r 2 yug 2 b thinking about marraige with someone.
we love watching our loved one .
by asking this question to thousands of people
take a hot shower wit alot of soap
but you need to move on.
Because he is a jerk that is disrespecting you!
Then from there anything can happen...if things arent so good at home.
we realized that age doesn't matter if you really feel strongly for that person.
eyes and smile *yummy* oh and the muscle factor!
He says he loves you, but thats not enough?
Depends on how BIG Big Shawn is.
Married guys see nothing they want in the bedroom and go to the fridge.
But your not doing it as a couple.
Being gay isn't bad, but distortioning the concept IS
Some guys are just jerks and they dont appreciate what women do.
it just seems like i cant find true love anywhere
Even if you say you forgive, you dont froget.
i'm 18, my boyfriend is 21 and we're getting married.
and those guys are usually jerks, by my experience.
bald is sexy,like porn star sexy!
do everything to reach at a stage where ur money starts earning for u.
And then do what you know is the best for you .
go to the doctor and see if maybe your depressed.
Beg him to come back 2.
and strange fact is that u have doubt if u really bad person.
So no it is NOT cool..
dont worry the tongue dont even hurt I peirced my own but go get ur done professionally
There really are better guys out there, but first you have to get yourself back.
hey i too am searching for a gf could u be the one if u dont mind plz???????
if u are ready enough to cary responsibility for family you build with your love one.
But I know he isn't happy.
your really too young.. you must be focusing on your studies.
i was wondering if u wanted to come.
i am 13 too, you should get a boyfriend if you meet a really nice guy.
But I know he isn't happy.
your really too young.. you must be focusing on your studies.
i was wondering if u wanted to come.
i have this problem i can't hold back my ejaculation or my orgasim.
i think u should go for it, have fun.
gay men in a relationship don't always have to use protection.
Because the other person HAS ALREADY moved on with their life WITHOUT YOU!!
BUT I HAD A TUBLELIGATION ALMOST 10 YRS.
you can check out my question, under singles, and dating.
u dont have to look for anybody, everything might came spontanly!
No means no, weather it is a girl or guy who says it.
see I like this guy and I would LOVE to go on a date with him...HOw?
NO ITS NOT TO YOUNG BUT YOU NEED TO BE THINKING IF YOU ARE READY OR NOT.
Princess,  Yours seem to be a popular question, on Yahoo Answers anyways...
It sounds like he's probably only great when he's getting his own way.
If you can't trust me, then to hell with you.
The boss paid both bills :)
i mean doing it from the anus
as long as you dont tell the guy you are having sex with.
i understand what you are saying becuase iam there.
jocks are big and stupid and pointless.
There are some nice guys out there.
they aren't really men if they have to beat up on a woman.
and why don't guys like me?
I acted like i didn't care about him anymore but he still call.
Promise him a surprize on valintines night then brake up with him!
bug him and try kissing him too
why cant they just say it to their faces?
N E wayz your frenz probably r jealous now cuz your still a Virgin.
They are dumb untill they grow up.
but only if they keep themselves fit...no beer bellies!
hey, i went online, maybe you can too.
why cant they just say it to their faces?
N E wayz your frenz probably r jealous now cuz your still a Virgin.
They are dumb untill they grow up.
but only if they keep themselves fit...no beer bellies!
hey, i went online, maybe you can too.
NO ONE KNOWS ,BECAUSE YOU DID NOT GIVE US ENOUGH INFO.
if you're in love, you'll know!!
Ask yourself what you really want?
or just confront him about it.
and if there arent any nice guys around then just stay single
sure, you know actually, anything more than a mouthfull is a waste anyway.
but later the relationship will breakdown because he couldn't please you.
duhhhhhhhhhh they like with therir i's
I don't know for sure - it was so long ago.
To Pink Stealth: Could you please remove that brick from your a'ss
Do you know what it is?
If u don't have a million awkward silences then ur pretty good and have a shoot.
Why not skip dating all together....   Go out.. Bowl..
just have a talk before v-day so you can skip gifts if you can
this means that he did not like u from inside his heart
i am not sure that bisexual girls and girl on girl kissing becoming more common but it cool though
i usually try to avoid kissing on the first date.
I asked her how she liked being teased and she said she loved it!
MAybe she is mad at u for some reason and u just don't know what it is.
sex after marriage is an old idea...
one word sums it all up.
my wife set me up with her.
there is definently better ways talk to guys...
des hit it on the head.
And don't worry about the guys who don't look past your size.
Why should i feel pain , do i enjoy pain ?
that is so sweet he probly got to know you more after a year in a half.
If you feel like calling, DO IT!
To see what else is out in the sea!
its because of the defination of the word soulmate very difficult
I think your wrong and your man really really loves you just like you love him.
i had answered ur other ?
do you mean who do YOU love?
why don't u try 2 find out his fetish fantasy
lots of different stds cause a nasty oder down there.
and she definitely said it because she was jealous.
and we think that is what guys like therefore we now appear even more sexier to guys
I have since re-married, and I still have MY life and I am njoying every second of it!!!!
She cut his throat before he could scream....
yeah thats why marriages lasted before sex was all that mattered.
I consider myself a pretty good looking woman but I get passed up for girls with obvious beauty!
my name pancho i'll show you a picture later and my **** is 8 inches
Just tell her you would not say no, if she asked you to be her boyfriend/lover...
IF HE IS WILLING TO GO TO ALL YOUR SCHOLL DANCES GO FOR IT.
But only get married if your fiance or both of you are finaniancially stable!
getting them to move on is difficult.
im right here come get me im horny
coz ur d only 1 left in dis group..!
what do u think i should do about it?
If so, then you should give it a shot.
Probably nothing that wouldn't get censored by Yahoo!
if not just wait for a guy that likes u. if ur really ugly, i hope ur patient.
you want it to be something that you both enjoy.
but nice guys like that are extremely hard to find.
They were in my mind peace makers, i wanted someone that wouldn't mind fighting.
men are hard to understand but you can get around that.
can a couple regain trust after cheating?
that guy will come to you soon!
when u get married u might accidentally cheat.
Heads = you are fun and cool, tails = not...
Uhh.... Well, there are some hygiene issues there.
can a couple regain trust after cheating?
that guy will come to you soon!
when u get married u might accidentally cheat.
Heads = you are fun and cool, tails = not...
Uhh.... Well, there are some hygiene issues there.
I cna really explain why guys do this except maybe they are afraid to get close.
never oppose or disagree with him ever ..
yea expecialy when you dared her to.
I am friends w/ a lot of my ex's.
how can u consider marriage before meeting the gal?
FOR ME A RAP SONG BOUT ME!!!!!!!
(Wasn't this on Seinfeld, pitchers and catchers?)
platinum - it looks great and is tougher than gold.
i think it would depend on the partners ability...
If you have to ask yourself if he is cheating he probably is.
chocolates, shopping, ur best friend, become a lesbian..mayb.. get another boyfriend..
Guys like to talk about sex.
He's hanging out with you, right?
At least I don't do it in front of my man.
am a girl & take my advice...
Sorry I put you right back where you where but is no lie
I really need help guys and girls
Well sweetie if you really are in love with him then forget about it and trust him.
It may take a good while, dude...best of luck nonetheless!
Just ask her, hey i was wondering, u wanna go see a movie friday  (or whichever) night?
The worst thing you could do is to get hung up on any one guy.
do u c him at school?
1) First thing, be honest .
Don't try to control them they will cheat to get back at you
PLEASE HELP ME SO WE A HAVE A CHILD!
Maybe everything she told you is a lie.
look you need to start getting over him , im sure there are plenty of other guys for you!
I was in love with a jerk, it was a need-love.
im looking for a hot grlr who is very willing to be my friend..
austin texas...theres always something to do here...
and do not yell or berate us for no damn reason.
yes u r. so if u want to be a good person then maket their relations like before.
her personality, the way she looks, ect....
guys dig it when ladies fight over them, so be aggressive :)
stop listen to your self you met someone on line.
i don't think anything would happen
What sort of genius are u?
i wouldn't mind anyone (chicks only) replying to ethersteve05 for that matter.
Everyone is beautiful no matter what they look like.
so once he finds one he will stop his satisfaction for the flirting!
I look around in total wonder and awe everyday!
to die empty..............after utilizing all my God given tallent.................
you just gotta wait to meet that kind of guy!
Everyone is beautiful no matter what they look like.
so once he finds one he will stop his satisfaction for the flirting!
I look around in total wonder and awe everyday!
to die empty..............after utilizing all my God given tallent.................
you just gotta wait to meet that kind of guy!
Drink a little achohol to losen up, then go some where women are and talk.
It is the juices talking sweety!
What kind of women like shy men?
yeah, that way, u know that there's more 2 sex like ur wife/husband does it
Last, did you know people change like the seasons and the weather?
Sometimes my friend makes little stupid comments like this one time...
What Katie said is SO true- (Great thoughts girl!)
well being gay your chances of finding someone do go  down somewhat.
-K This is Turkish H.  Yes, walking her to her lock would be SO romantic.
If he likes you he will be gratefull and unless you hate kids, that shouldn't be a problem.
MOVE ON, BUT KEEP AN OPEN MIND-IF SHE DID PANIC; SHE MAY STILL COME AROUND.
you just have to like pay for someone [or use the internet.
if you really love the one that is furthest away from u then you wouldn`t do anything with anyone.
Go on a first date again!
depends on if its the first date or not
if you don't who will (rock on with peace and love.
I don't think Jesus would marry a muslim man, do you?
Tried X once- loved the closeness I felt during sex.
the woman...actually we get a better deal on that because most men like just plain bands!
honestly, this question makes you sound like a totally shallow jerk.
i'll give it to you baby!
I don't look my age and i am a good guy.
kinda like the prince charming thing mostly strong and handsome.
wow, pretty much everybody gave you a I'm a jerk kinda answer..
that, most of the time, means he LIKES u, ok?
In short.....Repect your self....What go around...Comes around......
you can get a divorce for any reason what so ever .
so honestly more than a mouthfull is a total waste
Say  Hey freek I don't want yor company!
this isn't really happening to me I just want to know what you guys would do!
we sat down and he sat right next to us.
And if you get married do not have baby right away.
Then tell a lot of fat jokes.
a few diseases and/or a really bad aftertaste
u know i can't tell u that even if i tryed.
SAN ANTONIO, MANY THINGS TO DO THERE, BUT NOT EXPENSIVE.
hire a private investigator...they are not cheap so be prepared!
Get out of the house and hang with friends.
me, im in depresion, dont know abot you.
Think about what your family would say if they knew!
How about trusting your heart and head?
and i think that u r cute u should im me 1 day or email me
SO DOES HE LIKE ME OR I JUST IN THE WAY OF WHATEVER HE'S LOOKING AT.
good question....any details to go with that?
PLEASE HELP ME IF U CAN!!!!!!
I think mature guys do like quiet girls more so than loud obnoxious ones
make it sound nicer, like plump, for example.
I am an Asian and i have a really fair skin but I do like dark guys
Ask her if she is interested !
Stupid question ...man wants opposite sex ...and for ???
trying to take control, threatining, hitting, bad history...
I have a good guy in my life that adores me.
sry again and thanks for coming to my topic
guys think the a woman ont defend herself b/c they would b scared of him.
fat people are the best ones...
slim, girl run for the hills!!
Just wait until some guy ask you out.
Nah--you should just leave it alone.
do it while she is sleeping or go to another room
PROVE TO HER THAT YOU LOVE HER AND THAT YOU WANT TO BE WITH HER FOR A LONG TIME.
Yeah, I don't think that's the kind of question that should be asked here.
160,000 rs ( $ 3500.00) ... but thats back in india
Even told her I would marry her to show her how much I love her.
Its hard but you need to get over it!
Then you can mold them into a decent man!!
Every day I have to repeat the sequence.
yikes...i'd take your time, especially if he;s only 18!
Or What would you get your DAD for his birthday?
if you did something bad that he wont like, maybe... but if not, why worry?
I hate you and I think that maybe you should just end your .............. life!
tell her that her boyfriend is your friend.
Ever watch the movie American Pie when one of guys actually did a pie?
No, I think that's kinda mean.
friends are friends til the end!
Maybe you're not doing it right.
GET HIM OUT OF YOUR LIFE NOW!!!!!!!!!!
SO I JUST THINK WHAT EVER FLOATS YOUR BOAT!!
friends are friends til the end!
Maybe you're not doing it right.
GET HIM OUT OF YOUR LIFE NOW!!!!!!!!!!
i think that men are because they cant hurt you like a female friend can.
SO I JUST THINK WHAT EVER FLOATS YOUR BOAT!!
And nice guys are sincere and not fun n entertainer as those jerks are.
Just depends on what you like.
try bein friends wit her again
( duhh) now i just wanna make sure if it's ok
depends on if you want him to break up with you or not.
im very confussed and i would really like it if sum1 can give me sum gud advice...........                                         Thanxx                                             Trish
a g string and sumthn sexy!)
Ones that have me as a damsel in distress!
geeks are nice, and overly self aware.
relocation will not be a problem for little times.
and saying thats it will not do it.
what would you and your girlfriends say or talk about if that or something like that happened?
AND IF YOU ARE READY USE PROTECTION!
if u were my daughter he'd be in jail or get his *ss kick 4 touching my little girl.
ONLY if he is fine if he ain't u can do better
those are some ideas, hopefully they help!
You are, so far, good job!
i can tell she kinda like s me.
I asked why and he said I don't know.
i think that you are a little confused, you have it backwards
If ur pimpin..... she's probably cheatin
but when men like to do is please his woman.
Especially if you truely love her and care about her!
if a 14yo cant outrun a cabbie, you got problems.
well most guys are interested in hott looking girls.
but dont do that ok, cuz thats a total stalker right there.
My dad died when I was 7 and I'm 34 now and it still hurts.
Take it easy, only time will tell.
b/c when it some down to it women do have the upper hand on things.
most guys like myself dont like to let our gaurds down for fear of bein looked at as week
love not sex is the making of a good marriage!
So its upto you if you want him to.
Take it easy, only time will tell.
most guys like myself dont like to let our gaurds down for fear of bein looked at as week
love not sex is the making of a good marriage!
So its upto you if you want him to.
And I finally got over it!
so if you want a beautiful life, then give it to God.
I'm not going to lie men are great fun, but not worth losing a true friend over.
Tell me, why u think that ur girl is cheating on you?
ni*ga u acten lyk a lil b*tch rite now quit n jus bang him
but it was gentle like it was apropreate for that night.
many.but you are looking in the wrong place
UH OH  I CANT COUNT RIGHT NOW
If you have even the slightest doubt then don't do it.
Just squeeze you butt cheeks its about the same.
we love eachother so much and we can't live without eachother.what should i do!!
well, don't think having a different gender person as a friend is embarrassing, it's not!!
The best outcome  being that he'd like you for both :)
take them, who knows, maybe u'll meet somebody
we are always hanging on each other and and he always says he loves me.
No, you shouldn't have sex until your are married!
if u r getting married...y r u worried?
so yes, i would rather love and loose than never love at all.
:-) You can use that if you like.
If you know your guy then you should be able to tell if he's lieing or not.
No, you shouldn't have sex until your are married!
if u r getting married...y r u worried?
:-) You can use that if you like.
If you know your guy then you should be able to tell if he's lieing or not.
Like if you were closing your eyes would you know the difference?
yes and it is horrible to have everyone stare at u then comes the worst part the gilt
My bf hates girls kissing on each other.
Suck it up I say to her...use the support for what it is intended.
i want to give him something creative
but im not sure you could go to jail because its a pretty high amount
but if u do decide to, dont have anymore kids than that, unless its because u got married
i like both wich 1 do u like???????
Don't do a half-a$$ job at something.
heres an idea...tell your boyfriend to tell her (infront of you) that hes not interested in her.
go to a bar or a famous rich theatre
Well.... My legs are nice & long, but my ass is pretty wide, so.....
Hes a jerk you dont just leave a person hanging like that.
whenever i make a mistake they really dont harshly punish me.
or a male friend of the family?
if yo have any good edvice plaese let me know.thanks
Is he who he says he is?
boys are not that haed to find but make sure you dont find the wrong type.
WHEN YOU ASKED,AND IF IT WERE HIM, YES.
unles it's a guy they are discussing.
And yeha' I loved him and couldnt see myself with any one ealse.
most any guy will jump at being with you.
boys are not that haed to find but make sure you dont find the wrong type.
WHEN YOU ASKED,AND IF IT WERE HIM, YES.
unles it's a guy they are discussing.
And yeha' I loved him and couldnt see myself with any one ealse.
most any guy will jump at being with you.
you are pathetic to break up with a guy because he dosen't look good.
First BE a FRIEND to HER/HIM.
Or just a relationship for the fun of it?
I just want to see what happens when you find out THE HARD WAY!
Chances are, if he's the type never to call you, he's not waorth it anyway.
Hell' yeaha' you get help of u tell him to go fu** hiself, beacuse your better than that.
go to avatar.yahoo.com if you have'nt made a avatar yet.
FIRST BECOME ARACNIA AND THEN JOIN LINKEDIN OR DOOSTANG...
Bill-Youre not supposed to tell any1 about that!
And I wouldn't change a thing!
i have complete confidence in you.
?..dnt try to portray urself as someone else n just be urself..AND YES NO LIES AT ALL!!
No....I got married on Valentines day, and it was a disaster.
find a new one, his best friend.
if he is a sincere then he is mostlikely not leading you on.
so they tend to try to live them thru there children.
you could try talking to a friend or family member and that may help
more than likely the guy your with is just dealing with sensation overload.
if i had to guess, i would say it menat you danced so much it wore through the rug
ASK GOD TO BLESS YOU WITH ONE.
That's just a rule of thumb...If you have to ask...then its not love.
If you think she'd be angry then don't do it.
Trust me, if he told u that he loved u, u wouldnt like him as much.
small candels... wrap them yourself with little bags and tie pretty ribbon around them..
How much do you love your bf?
I don't k now what he is expecting...and HOW.
If you start doing something and it doesnt feel right..stop.
that's the way to do it... turn it up another notch!
sometimes it is  blessing in disguise
but hey, I guess if you want to, and you treat each other right, why not?
But don't get worried he just might want fellas night out with no ladies interruption.
Just ask him if he with any1 esle and what does feel for you?
i do not think its rape if their both willing?
take him to court if he does not respond.....
If they like it stay with them.
OK I got married a few months before I turned 21 and then I got pregnant right after.
Can't be that much if you cheated.
I think you only love YOURSELF
just because....strangers in the night, aids in the morning ;)
Then tell him you guys can just be friends.
otherwise, he's a really great guy, so if you're going to suggest dumping him, don't bother...it's not gonna happen!
Sounds like you are .....your owe worst yackety yak!
Then tell him you guys can just be friends.
otherwise, he's a really great guy, so if you're going to suggest dumping him, don't bother...it's not gonna happen!
Maybe tell him sorry, you are a really great guy but I do not see you that way.
it takes a lot of time.
girls just love waiting...guys love collecting
probably wondering if there is love and kindness out there for you.
Smile and feel amazing that someone finds you so special.
Weird guys have a way of attaching and hanging on and stalking....etc.
HOW DO U GET A GUY THAT U LIKE 2 ASK U OUT WITHOUT HAVING 2 ASK HIM OUT!!!
YOU HAVE TO STOP IT IN THE BEGINNING!
...WAIT it's the best thing to do.
BE RESPONSIBLE..RELAX...AND LET HIM PROVE TO YOU THAT HE IS THE REAL THING FOREVER...GL
Why not just go for a kiss and see what happens!!
If he's worth keeping, the next time she flirts with him he'll tell her that he's not interested.
Don't worry he is out there,not to far from you now.
I married a man 3yrs younger.
i do have some redneck tendencies but i am a thugish freak .
Probably, you have never made ANY mistake in your life!
But I am begining to see another side, the one where he is married.
It sounds like she needs to set some boundaries with her husband...and FAST!
Don't go out with someone like that.
unless you are fat and hideous or he is.
does she want a big chunk of ice?
You want to go to Lubbock!
U MEN MAKE US THAT WAY LOL
bluntley ask them keep your pride in that
You shouldn't look for a guy.
old enough to bleed, old enough to breed
have them drop you off about five blocks away.
greet him with a hug and a kiss .
but you, well, its ok for people to date younger dudes.
maybe before he found you he used to flirt with every girl he saw.
but u have 2 ask him !
AND JOCKS ARE WAY HOTTER ANYWAY!
if the date was going well then yes
If he doesn't like you, thats ok.
the right one will come along!
since im a guy... yes kiss the girls make out with them... its normal....
then once uve thought about it make ur decision
SURE I WILL PICK ME LOL
love is not something you go looking for it is something that just happens.
or something really special we can do.
don't talk to him till he talks to u
from very far away, unless you want to get smacked...
simple and sweet is how i like it, but most all my friends are into big rocks.
let him rest for at least 30 minutes.
here are 4 things to do while not in bed .
she's white and sort of a party girl.
EXCUSE US BOSTON GIRLS ARE FINE!
go to a friend to help you out
yeah really, ask him hey, do you want to go out?
posture , self respect , great smile , height and stuff
last you need to ask yourself will looks become a problem
my priority used to be friends, family,...but rt now i had to change my prority to only money.....
It depends on the woman and you really need to see what yours wants.
ummm...when you walk together, walk close to her.
Nope, not by a long shot.
he or she is using abusive language.
I guess just try to say it as nice as you can.. Good Luck!
IT WILL MAINLY HAPPEN WHEN I GET MARRIED TOO I AGREES ..... MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM
SO HOW CAN I GET HIM 2????
yes, personally i like them small.
You'll be happy when they are around, always!
No, it could spice things up a bit.
should mean that he likes you.
I am really sweet and i don't look that bad...
If you know her colors, then that would be a great option...
i take a shower everyday (almost)
I won't b thinking about that for another 2 yrs, unless u have permission from ur parrents.
How would you like it if someone did that to you?
But also be sure he CAN trust you!
But the answer is - because boys are dumb.
Obviously you shouldn't tell him the real reason - but I think you aren't giving him a fair chance.
I just do not get it.
hair in a bun and eye liner and mascar does work great.
Duh... Its possible for a guy to get horney if he's doing __________?
Be careful so you guys dont ruin the frienship youve got.
What I mean to tell you is that I'm not good for you.
internet bf's are simple and you  can express urself more.
fulfill his fantacy..i am sure u will enjoy it too( even if you said /thot u wont)
maybe, they for some reason dont want him going out with you.
the same goes with my cat...uh...sir feline.
I myself would just tell her.
o.k.- did that answer your question?
Don't have one for your info.!!
then if there isnt, say fu.. you bi..., i thought we were friends!
Valentine's Day is just for stuff like this.
EVERYONE ELSE IS GOOD TO GO.
you really don't know what that is?
I small breeze blowing the right way can make a guy aroused!
jewlrey, but definetly a teddy bear...
but wait so you don't get hurt.
TRY TO EXPLAIN HOE YOU FEEL
no but reassuring him won't cost you anything if it gives him peace of mind.
Guys are pretty simple to please.
go take some dance classes.. the kind where only females can join.
well just tell him u like him if u have luck  u will recieve it!
aslo the job thing i dont know what to tell you with that.
so blaming it wont do ... be cool and control your life ..
If he is freak then I dunno I like freaks.
well just tell him u like him if u have luck  u will recieve it!
most people dont want a fat woman or man unles they are a fat man.
(go find him)and just be a good friend to the other.
looking to get to know females.
Should I finally say somethign and what exactly should I say?
Tell her how pretty she is.
You are only younge once so enjoy it!!
There's only one way you're going to find out...ask him!
But if she doesn't answer your phone calls is she really you r friend.
hey girl u is so right if this is a gilr tell them nigga's who really in charge
Who cares about the Barbie doll?
Yes start taking a shower at least once a day!
me and the guy started talking in june, and we're ready.
Tell her while you're treating her to Pizza Hut
it depends on what kind of man he is.
well if my ex gives child support i'll gladly take it, its the ex's responsibility too.
nathing kan stap true love .
Nobody, if you have to ask.
And there are girls looking for guys out there!
when i recvd my first mail.from  .........
Don't get him to, just ask him yourself.
I don't know but I sure would be happy to have a Dear Abbey lol
so just b confident and right after u forget about this problem you'll find someone amazing!
SECOND the guy that will not kiss you does not love you or he is scared
I only have 1.Coz nobody wants to be friend with me...=(
but you need to keep in mind that its not ur fault.
so just b confident and right after u forget about this problem you'll find someone amazing!
SECOND the guy that will not kiss you does not love you or he is scared
I only have 1.Coz nobody wants to be friend with me...=(
yes u  can talk to me    virgindam@yahoo.com
well his kind of a jerk if hes doing that to you
Refrain from stairing at her boobs... ha just a little joke there.
But it's good to reward dad right away with some type of loving 8^)
thats kinda how i am now so i think i should know.
but on the other hand the things some women's deal with can send them to nutville
not with me because with you will the time of your life.
if u want a boyfriend go and get one or let them com to u
See with your eyes and feel with your heart then u wanna find the answer!
it's like anything that really breaks.
A guy that can provide protection and is cute...perfect!!!
It doesn't work that way; just like guys, girls are attracted to different things.
they wll be deleted once you close them.
move on, that happened to me before, twice, and we are still the best of friends.
Thank you & always remain yourself !!
tell them all to get a life, and find some good friends who have better values.
don't go looking for trouble ok love the one you're with
WHAT ARE YOU LOOKING FOR IN A GUY!!
he thinks i'll cheet on him but he wont come out and tell me.
If he says no, then wait.
Drop me a photo of yours!
this is a legal fact and very eye opening!
And don't worry about what your friends think.
trust me it isnt better, u need help raisin a kid.
i mean, u can do it if u only have one, but its still hard.
I'm a guy, and I like thick girls.
If you like him so much then tell him!
Don't seem too sad to  don't seem too eager.
when do men loose there drive?
your doc can revers that operation easy.
pre-love sex is bad, if you don't love/trust/care, you should NOT have sex.
it wont be easy but you can do it!
How you think and what you want?
then how will you look at your wife in the eye?
Its especially cool when you take off
Sweetie, don't count on your looks to get you a bf.
he cheated all that time but i love him and have gave him a dercison me are her.
you said she's rebel, what makes you say that?
Don't get me wrong.. it's all awesome.
buy manolio's used and broken electronics!
not yours he loves me, not you.
In other words, HE'S NOT WORTH IT!!!!!!!!
it`s the same thing it`s different only if the hot looking girl is more experienced or vice-versa
you could allways try a pen friend if you dont wanna go thru old channles.
Its when you steal tears & still care for Her.
If she can't stand not seeing you, then it would probably work
And theyd know it'd be a harder relationship than one with a guy who's NOT in wheelchair!
no it is the same it is all about you
Its when you steal tears & still care for Her.
If she can't stand not seeing you, then it would probably work
no it is the same it is all about you
What man wouldn't love to hear that?
It is just sooo intense when you kiss I mean really kiss .
If he can't trust you then it won't last.
LEARN HOW TO SPELL ....would be a good start
oh this is an essay question.
Hello .. Maybe it is just me !
please dont tell me youre an adult.
yes you are... ask for forgiveness
i have a wife and a girlfriend .
which ever one is the husband part.
or even considering it, Why would you not try getting help first?
he wants nothing more from you than your  body.
dump him, dump hiom in the trash lik he is a old fat sumbag!
She thought it was so funny, that when I asked her out, she said yes.
do you like this, tall women with big eyes or what  tell me in details
or even considering it, Why would you not try getting help first?
he wants nothing more from you than your  body.
do you like this, tall women with big eyes or what  tell me in details
Why dont yopu get a girlfriend in the mean time to keep you busy?
its a secret i at least thats what the last person said.
......he says......that he wants to hang with you?
i hope i able to answer ur question and give u the insite u were looking for.
There not your friends if they don't except you because of that!
What if you knew you lover would not die, but instead would betray you?
the man on his back with the woman on top facing away.
well if you love him that just follow your heart.it will tell you what is best.
remember only you know what is best for you.
Do what makes you happy, If he loves you it wont matter.
you'd be ruining months of planning.
take ur own decision......... dont ask help from others on this matters
DON'TS: You may not use Yahoo!
Cuz that's the kind of thing on many porno movies.
You could be Bill Clinton for all I know
a normal kiss on the cheek
He tells me hE misses me all the time!
guys always say that they want sex with no strings attached.
there are certain guys who don't even look for looks, all they look for is personality.
both are good to have i choose love
He tells me hE misses me all the time!
guys always say that they want sex with no strings attached.
there are certain guys who don't even look for looks, all they look for is personality.
We are nuts because men drive us crazy!
he vowed to support his wife and love her...  guilt and conscience.....
I think ya both has some sexual confusion issues...
i bet she ate tuna to lose weight 4 u
formal weddings just never appealed to me at all whats the hubub
...I had to walk to the other side of the house to get my wallet...HEADS!
you are never to young to get married.
ok, ill let you in, we dont care about $$ or your cars horsepower!
no there more fish in the sea forget him and move on okay be strong
yeah 2 very different things, in love, romance is always present but in romance, love is not always applicable
First off see if your boyfriend would be up for a 3-some.
thats very interesting...... the better you feel about the person- the better the sex feels.
you should tell him u like him if ur hot.
love that is the most thing girl are looking for like me
honestly i have a hard time having emotions let alone opening up.
my husband told me he loved me only after knowing ea.
i had a friend for 25 years and last year i had sex with his wife.
especially if you really like him and know he's shy.
U can surely get the number but when  u call, apologize for intruding in her privacy...!!!
the number between 68 and 70. just kidding
If you feel bad about this then I dont think you are a bad person :)
Men are a dime a dozen!
be yourself and ask a lot of questions....pay attention...
use rubber and prepared to get your anal analized.
nanny cam, or the show cheaters or private detectives.
Not sure, but i'm glad you're not a hoe,whore or a slut...  Where are you from?
let him like making love to u then he will always be good to u, men like sex.
And...listen to what your heart is telling you.
Hey I'm 19 going on 20 and I'm getting married this summer also.
its hard to let go, but sometimes guys just act like a child.
If she penetrated you, then you're just kinky.
yea right thats a lont time.
walkin up to a girl in person is much more real.
its OK to think about them, its called memories.
If she penetrated you, then you're just kinky.
R U the shy kind of girl?
yea right thats a lont time.
walkin up to a girl in person is much more real.
its OK to think about them, its called memories.
well first thing is probably not to try too hard.
teddy gary, i dont apreciate that.that leads to addiction, depression, an even suicide.
we are not nuts...there are times that we can seem it but most of us are perfectly sane
wanted know is he the right one!
I am a little shy but i do open up after a while.
Lots of good food, free booze.
Most of them are losers now.
usually they want my phone # but i never just give that away
Dude, Your 13 don't get a boyfriend yet wait till your 16 like me
you have to read her body langage when you get close to her
But I jumped on that ass so many times its just stupid.
9 times out of 10 !
of course it is possible... but that is not the case all the time.
tell them to get a breath mint
there are so many ways to please a man .
Unless he's 16, or 15, who cares?
Doesn't matter who did what to whom .
i dont have nuthin against u dont kno u so i cant say ne thing boutz u
You cannot find love, it has to find you!!
it can be just hanging out and doing something.
Listen to her, see what SHE wants and needs.
I have about 10 that are my real friends
i would like to stay longer but it comes quikly.
?any guys out there who can help?
This is going to sound really strange but I need to ask.
When I see girls wearing that kind of clothing, I say to myself, what an arrogant b*tch.
Developing, oh that would be great.
this one girl keeps flirting with my boyfriend and i want her to stop.
If the child/children involved are yours, you don't !
stop asking people i am a siciatist talk to me at maxxruby@yahoo.com
honey its called std's and aids u can still get them from anal sex.
but it shouldn't b just cuz it's that day.
you dont tell her that is the reason.
The first time I ever saw my wife, was in high school.
If you're REALLY in love you'll know!!!
honey its called std's and aids u can still get them from anal sex.
but it shouldn't b just cuz it's that day.
you dont tell her that is the reason.
If those girls wont accept you because of that, then you don't want to be with them anyway
just tell me this Q i can tell after your reply
BUT I'VE BEEN ON THE BEACHES OF ST.PEAT FLA.
if it did then move on.
think about the guy u love and weather u love him enogh 2 get married.
You say this: (Name), I don't think it's right for me to lead you on.
can u tell when u would feel the real essence of love.
Three things:  Me, Myself and I....
or hey don't get that whip cream on ur clothes i do laundry!
most likely... just say hi and like start being friends with him
Don't just be nice, be interesting, charming and fun to be with too.
lmao i like your answer, too true!!
why r u so far behind?
Dont stres urself by beeing obsested to find a girl!
Take it from me, my friend once told me 'Gosh!
...anyway, I had classes with him so I had to see him whether I liked it or not.
Guys do not normally like being horny in public.
Oh...what an easy question...beacuse women are SEXY.
a guy would have to be a moron to not go to second base just because of boob size.
me im me my name is here is my yahoo name
We guys are dogs, most of the time... is he gay?
a guy would have to be a moron to not go to second base just because of boob size.
me im me my name is here is my yahoo name
We guys are dogs, most of the time... is he gay?
yes that is good for a couple to make them hot & also to know new sexual positions
Just be real and don't try and pretend you're something you're not.
but it will b hard if u shy.
rhytmic gymnastics make girls un virgin?
When I went to visit my gf at her place......magic happened
if he hasnt forgot the past by now,,he never will.
if she says no, DON'T PUSH IT!
If your under 18 i say look in the mall for chicks.
well theres no blood relation so no its nto like he is your blood brother
the link below give you a lot of information...
But to answer your question, NO its not bad.
Don't let insults get to u, instead, gai sum self-confidence and be HAPPY!!!!
talk 2 him and slap the next girl who starts 2 flirt!
its hard doin it by urself.
And, it's not only bi girls who do it.
For a little bit of fun!
He'll go like: You get your biatch arse back in the kitchen and make me some pie!
im in the same trouble an di have no idea of what 2 do or 2 tell them.
FIND SOMEONE THAT CARES ABOUT YOU.
you dont need to have a lot of friends to be happy.
well ask and if uur cuzin gets mad say u got ntheir first
after you figure that question out please let me know
boys are as crazy over girls as girls are over them
but if you like him/her, as in the love like, then...
Anything that will destress and give her a break!
don't look for an excuse to get out of the house.
especially when you left your heart (you) behind.
(smile...)  Anyway, you do a decent job as Abbey.
everybody is right u are young you will learn in no time
I know from experience once a cheater always a cheater!!!
they have lots of meet and greets.
he may just be thinking it over and could think of no other way to tell you.
since i am a country girl.i am from south carolina.
How well do you know him?
but dont be a fool, wrap your tool.
If you don't like him you don't like him.
find a lover, worked for me.
she split up with her x bf over a year ago.
Make sure it's something u like too, so u don't seem desperate.
OR IS YOU CLOCK TICKING AND YOU JUST WANT TO HAVE A BABY WITH/WITHOUT A DAD.
Which one means mor 2 you
you, in something from victoria's secret.
absolutely.. boobs arent the only factor with hooking up, just an added bonus if you have them ;)
you should definately ask him out!!
Or maybe she has plan for that date to make it more exciting!
just say i don't think it's going to work out.
Date someone hot, take pics of her.
Don't worry at least you gave it a try.
And i'm proud of who and what i am.
Ohhh hell yea i do it all the time
If you do not have a child, then a child.
ANYONE WITHOUT A JOB OR ONLY WORKING PART TIME, DOING DRUGS, AND PEOPLE WITH DEPRESSION PROBLEMS.
when my fiancee told me she'd marry me.
don't forget the attitude then maybe shell get the point,
I don't think they realize how ridiculous they look.
DON'T LET NOBODY TAKE ADVANTAGE OF YOU.
i hate of this work,when he love me,why he want that othres come in to our private ??
start doing nice things for other people.
HEY BE WITH WHO U WANT TO BE DONT LISTEN 2 UR PARENTS
Jus call her baby u can't go wrong or sweetie those always work
But u might wait and see while ur persuing other playmates.
it was still special to me even though it only cost $20.00.
do it till it's raw and itchy
buy her chocolate women love chocolate
you should not be doing this this is truely wrong!
16 isn't too young to be thinking about sex.
have you ever told him that you love him?
Keep in mind though, that 77  is always better than 69.
yes it happens all the time
But you better figure it out soon!
Well, I personally wont date younger guys.
Sence it's so little, they get tire of waiting.
no offense but tell them about.
.don't know but I am going for the points!
if they say that they're parents made them than they probally not lying about it....
secondly, you friend DEFINITELY doesn't hate U.
you shouldnt ever choose boys over a friend.
the girls in my school wont accept me as equal because im a virgin.
hey, you shouldn't be so hard on yourself.
the kind where you learn to dance for your man , maybe even using a strip pole.
why would he break up with you on valentines day?
you shouldnt ever choose boys over a friend.
the girls in my school wont accept me as equal because im a virgin.
hey, you shouldn't be so hard on yourself.
the kind where you learn to dance for your man , maybe even using a strip pole.
why would he break up with you on valentines day?
Then, if he still looks clueless, kiss him.
some of us learn to appreciate a really nice guy!
um...mcdonalds and then a walk i guess.
but me, I dont really see a point in what I just wrote :P  I'm just a kid :)
i think vixxenkitty hit it right on the mark with doing the math.
can i change his thinkings style  habits
I ACTUALLY THOUGHT OF SOMEONE IN FLA.
Life is so beautiful; just look around you.
DUDE LOOKS AT ME AT LEAST ONCE A DAY.
Looks fade........but kind actions and words last forever!!!!
So yeah I guess it is possible.
well I am the cutest !
if hed wanna talk it out tell him.
get over him and you deserve better.
but 4 realb what if you did that sh** then what.
i think its just cuz it makes them feel good about themselves.
im sure someone would be willing 2
Don't tell her,but don't go after her boyfriend either.
or sex is the main ingredient?
However, people can change....but, like I said, I believe the chances are slim...  Good luck!
my friend i know its hard 4 u!
Look for condoms...wrappers, boxes, coupons, etc.
Why did you once turn her down?
think about what you will tell your kids  son did i ever tell you how i met your mother?
And if you're not the one dying, then get busy livin'!
and by then you wont have to worry about that becase he loves you any way.
no there will be no problem if ur love is true.
I have one and thingings are going great we have trust and we talk every chance I get.
she might not brush her teeth
what about- you're a real friend!
I hope you know what you are doing... cause it could get real ugly real fast.
when a woman loves a man she'll do everything in her power to make that man happy!
some guys are just flirty and friendly, though, and act like that toward all or most girls.
Everyone knows only guys do that kind of thing, right?
some there whole body shakes some there toes tighten up or goose bumps.
Go to them and say hey!
When youre really finished with this guy youll be REALLY finished.
what if he had followed us home or something?
the same thing happened to me i dumped him cause he cheated on me!
i had to reassure him that no matter what i wouldn't return to my ex.
a lot of girls are experiencing because it is sexy!!
you should just say i can't do my homeboy like that but i had a good time with you
No, don't throw it all away just becuae your freinds think your wierd.
Until he calls....  actually- dont wait at all.
Not to mention your strong right hand ;)
because men hired investigators if they suspect .
(my kids are 14 months apart!)
Immeidietly when she got to iran, everyone there despised her untill she covered up!
it's gonna come back to haunt you one day.
why he is trying to punish your sister for your father?.
she can give you away too you know.
Women love to be flirted with.
it hasn't came out yet but you should start looking
Don't just sit around and think of him it'll just make it tougher.
I couldn't ask for nothing more.
looks like you got the answer to your question.
Is your gut telling you HE IS A BIG CHEATER!!!!??
Obviously he is not ... move on and find the REAL love of your life.
2) When he comes home .
Uh, guys have 6-packs with the washboard abs thing.
If it really is LOVE and not LUST then you will feel it deep within you!
what kind of stupid question is that
the person closest 2 u that u believe is special enough 2 do it for your father.
She doesn't want it to get into the wrong hands.
Why didn't you think about this before getting married.
YOu know, a lock... what could you do without a lock.
i really really agree with mona!
but they can also keep their original name :)
i mean, they dont see me as their daughter.
Ask her eat much garlic, bet she won't smell like catfood.
Please take what I said and use it.
DEEP DOWN THEY REALIZE THINGS WE DONT ALWAYS LOOK AT.
HE TOLD YOUR MOTHER HE WANTS TO BE WITH YOU???
no if u get 2 atracted(not sayin u will!)
Its not just girls that feel that way about guys.
trust me, looks change, go for personality
be yourself and joke, smile, laugh.
maybe that's why he hasn't said it.
Fight for it if you want it.
you shouldn't put yourself in situations like that.
Yet still go home to her.
Just hang out in the mall, and just talk to someone.
3. hey, a bunch of us are going out to see a movie/dinner/etc.
It won't work for some though.
Then a lil later bring some convo.
AGO .HOW DO I GO ABOUT GETTING THAT REVERSED SO WE CAN HAVE A CHILD?
honestle to me it depends on which angle i see her at?
I want her to understand & realize that I want to help and love her.
dont no woman want an aggressive man let her warm up to you.
Yea, I really hate when guys say they habe a gf but they don't!
r u like sexist or something, cuz i don't think guys are stupid or freaks!
just want to know if there's a way to get him to ease up a bit!
place on table with a hersey kiss ontop.
talk it over with your mom or another close family member
Don't you know that on a first date you need to impress the girl not scare her off.
and always plan a lot of things when you will finally see each other.
when you lick a girls pussy while they suck your penis
soap AND water at the SAME time!
Someone wrote no one likes to eat alone... Having sex alone is even worse...
BUT IF YOU LIKE HIM THAN YOU LIKE HIM!!!
Make it seem like a casual fun date.
the one where the hot guy kisses me.
or is it a sign of desperation on my part?
would love to compete and to hang out with cute guys !
My favorite dreams are the one that I realize are dreams and I take control of it.
r u involve with such a person?
you have jus got 2 know what 2 do with wotever size u may have.
Girls have to think LONG TERM.
But you have to take your time, you are young and you have too much time.
angelina joilie her lips are incredible
I have a friend who always thought that the guy should be the one to call.
now the difference is it is coming out in public, reviously it was just in a ver closed circle.
I am looking for hot girl picture real one not from any website any girl there ??
There is no way of going back.
I hope the world caves in you, if you keep it up...you'll deserve it!
But I really like him.. Should I ask?
If that doesn't work, move on.
how about having him over for dinner ?
He just doesnt know what the heck he wants in his life.
I'm a female and I won't even let a guy walk behind me.
You'll find out she's not as great as she seems.
if you love him then you should feel devastated, but i guess not because youre asking this..
Maybe it's that don't care attitude or maybe they just stand out.
and if he wants it, he'll meet you halfway.
Make it casual like asking him for the time or commenting on how nice his shirt looks.
3rd choice - your best male friend.
maybe your not his girl yet or something!
why u dont have it to measure .thats why u r asking others.
now a days it doesnt really matter.
no matter how hot you physically look .
I know thats not the answer you'd expect from a guy but hey life is confusing
I really don't believe in generalization.
most of them doesn't have photos at all.
On one hand your boys want to hang out, play bocce, and watch the Braves.
I don't think so, unless you are a guy.
What ever you do, don't fall for that whole if I put out then he will like me line.
Maybe you should try asking what to do so that he wont break up with you!
like a cd of his fav band.
Is it really my fault that i get urges and there are guys all around me?
COME ON GIRL YOUR NOT A LOSER.
you probably shouldn't ask her to eat with you at lunch.
no sense of fighting over a guy unless you love him deeply.
I know how hard it is!
AND I DANCED WITH HIM ONCE (KINDA) AT A PARTY.
I'm not a fat single momma either!
Apparently girls like guys with skills...
usually after your dr. says so... after your six week visit
I can't speak for all women, but I myself think alot like the ladies in the movie!
maybe wait until  you are both in your twenties, so maybe when he's 22 or so?
I hereby present you with my  DUMB QUESTION OF THE DAY AWARD
he probably watched to much porn.
then you will see how lame he really is!
i dont no what to do i am so torn   please help
i dont, i think that is too kinky for me
and yes importent thing is ur career which should be given a priority.
you dont have to just go out with me.
when he stops, run like hell and then hide.
just do what your heart tells you to do.
i think it would be lonely, especially when you want to cuddle.
My ex was so stupid, he answered without thinking!
If he isn't good enough for her, don't kid yourself, he isn't good enough for you.
spend a day or weekend taking care of just her.
best advicetell him you're taking a break.
it also depends on how long they are in there.
but ... you will have to find the best way to get an Invite from Him !!!!!!
so dut so horible, not to accept in my opinion!
he dosent like you and doesnt wana hurt ur feelings
ofcourse guys get horny when they see us ;)
don't try to be one of them you have xxx when you are ready
Give your head a shake, girl!
but then, keep the mace handy.
i cant say its too young  but you dont want to just give yourself out.
Brother, uncle, grandfather, good male friend...
But trust me it probably won't happen that often.
she'll move away a bit when you're too close for too long.
we are talking ideal here... ok?
no matter what you decide to do, good luck p.s.
!in which is not a good time to ask me any important Q's cause i cant talk!!
Get help before you screw this all the way up.
any way try not remember it!
any where from 9 to 75,
doesn't matter as long as they dig me then i'm down
i just think that maybe a country boy for me might be easier.
you're either pregnant or your not pregnant.
Well..It sounds like the same thing Im going thru.
See what I did there, I made a joke.
i really dont think theres any thing wong with liking girls feet but you just plain freekin weird
I dunno...i think it's probably because they're...scared or feel awkward around guys in wheelchairs.
i haven't but i'm not anti-sex
I'll tell you what...your wife married you because she loved you.
well my guy did.. =/  third of all, you should try waiting things out.
If you like him then you shouldn't try to convince yourself that you don't.
ull find the right one just dont try to force it!
Some women say it helped them alot.
put my words to the test.
his friends might just be messin with you.
i dont know theres something so fake and lame about it.
it that a pic of your girlfriend?
You do have friends., you just don't know it.
cruel to the guy you were in bed with.
IT'S REALLY GREAT TO TALK ABOUT COMMITMENT ON THE NET-IT'S LIKE VIRTUAL DATING.
IF U RFREE TYPE N OPEN WITH UR IDEAS ALL KIND OF WOMEN WOULD LIKE TO TALK TO U
I also know a lot of guys who  cheated.
im in the same position get creative whacking off
Just because you filed doesn't mean you don't care.
if they are going to be in there for a few years then i would say no.
THE PLESSURE FEELS GOOD BUT ITS WORTH THE WAIT.
Hey John, don't worry about getting us a wedding gift.
well im pretty country and i suppose  like country boys but sometimes i fall for them thugs
I always show him that i am strong but its hurt so bad inside.
youre in bed with this guy, and youre on a totally different subject.
typical guy answer: you stop being so insecure about yourself, that's how.
Also maybe he has a problem with just that one friend and maybe he really doesnt like her.
If your really interested, why wait?
well he doesent talk to me as much any more and i dont know any more help me
But hey, at least if their not then you can rid of them ;).
How much did her hurt you?
i love to torture guyz lolz
Even if the sex is concentual (i think i spelled that right) then its still rape.
If you go on places  that have like NORMAL PEOPLES...OF COURSE YES
But hey, at least if their not then you can rid of them ;).
How much did her hurt you?
i love to torture guyz lolz
Even if the sex is concentual (i think i spelled that right) then its still rape.
If you go on places  that have like NORMAL PEOPLES...OF COURSE YES
Ughh, it's so annoying and stressing.
You should really think about what your doing!
A lot of guys like quiet girls-- more so as they get older.
with the love of my life!
so i would pick the geeks, hell, i have always picked the geeks.
And you say you always get it?
($10)  one time we just went for a walk along the beach (FREE)
If it is only liking DON'T!!
enjoy your youth, you don't need to rush life.
Will he think I did not care at all?
i think the city is ok .
Maybe you should just keep being friends.
just be yourself and dont try to be somebody.
Hope next time you'll find your Mr Right...
How old are you by the way?
you could learn how to spell impress
if you really want true answers.
Even after that, don't bring it up yourself.
any ideas why hes so distant like that?
at least he does not want you for one thing.
Fate didn't drop this guy in your life.
Say, Listen, I do not mean any disrespect, but you kind of smell.
But no thanks 2 many sharks!
walking with her down the hall to her locker is a good idea.
use different oils, hot wax, maybe some icy hot( not in sensitive areas!)
if you really like her just go for it.
Many brides will say I don't want a big wedding.
They tend to not want to be with one girl for too long.
it matters how he is in general.
ONLY IF YOU REALLY LOVE HIM......PLUS WHAT THEY DONT SEE WONT HURT THEM...........THATS ONLY IF IT GETS THAT BAD
that why in malaysia we not recommend married under recommended age.
those girls should f**k off, they are a bunch of sluts with nothing else to do.
my guy friend who really likes me is goin to be at my place in less than 20 minuets
Please dont let a bunch of girls influence you just so that you are accepted: Good Luck: Blueladybug
so you are like a girl on the side?
cook and clean - but there is more to it than that .
was it with the right person?
I'm glad you asked that question, i have the same problem
i hope we don't get hurt, and caught.well good luck and be careful just like i have too.
this depends on your relationship previous to now (old friends, new friends, classmates, etc.
I think its realy important for a guy to ask this.
then u'll see if she's really a nice person or just hot.
Hey tracy i don't think you're too young.
Sorry babe, but guys are mean
Meanwhile, he goes back to his Wife - who shares his house, money, etc.
And i can't see myself with anybody else.
no, love does not have eyes.
apparently theyre not THAT stupid, it just seems that way because our intelligence surpasses theirs so much...
like sisters....if i burned 400 calories in 10 minutes, i'd fall asleep too.
The World is Round & the Net is  HOT!
i also don't have any girlfriend.i think we can be friends.
it should b when ever u feel like it.
ppl who meet but jus 2 do tha grownup..strickly..but sometimes it leads to serious mess.so be careful
But dont do it just because the sex is good.
yucky diseases that EAT YOUR ASS OUT!!
Why would you even think he is going to?
so, you can't be just kinda smart.
give her something really nice for her birthday/special day.
i would said somethin to someone
Men need time alone or hanging out with their buddies.
Why would you even think he is going to?
so, you can't be just kinda smart.
give her something really nice for her birthday/special day.
i would said somethin to someone
Men need time alone or hanging out with their buddies.
Boys come & go but friends are forever....(or should be!)
which came first the egg or the hen?
are you that much of a glutton for punishment?
Good luck on finding the right guy!
all other mentally disturbed people r in assylums baby...!
Washing will help a lot & you two can work out some other things that assist.
well to me about 21 or 22 .
how can u decipher when u would be in love or just infatuated wid some one.
You have to advertise, so folks know you are out there!
So be happy with that :)
my boy friends blue eyes and he smells very very good
Get a job, and make it a career.
If someone u date have onion smell.... help!
Why dont you ask your Gal frnd
And have your kids go to alateen.
i dont even need to read any other answers.
Should i give him a chance?
Good luck girl, 'cause this stuff is tough to deal with.
Some men learn differently later in life, but many do not.
if you were his girlfriend and a girl tried to break you guys up, would you want that happening?
PUT A BAG OVER YOUR FACE
but if it were the stuff in dreams, he wouldn't cheat!
what would we have done then?
I bet you say that to all the boys.
good question, never thought of that...
It doenst mean that he doesnt love you, they just need their space like we do.
yo boo, its hell of fish in the sea.
dont!that would crush her im sure u can find another reason.
THEY WOULD PROBABLY TALLK  ABOUT SOMETHING LIKE MATH.
you just have to take it day by day.
if you have to ask then you are......
but what matters is the guys attitude & performance during the deed..lol
Ok this is yahoo answer not find a partner.
my friend made out wid my cousin's boyfriend should i tell my cousin?
you simply cant, i found that out for myself
Say i'm sory people make mistaks i did that onece
hay me and thanks for answering my q
there is always other guys out there!!
oh dear it is just a matter of testicles, they produce it 24/7 nonstop :p
THERE ARE SOME GOOD MEN LEFT IN THIS WORLD.
this one, but I will answer it any way....
McDonalds, Burger King, Whataburger, Wendy's, Checker's, The movies
well i never saw in your question you say you were cheatting on your wife .
with the lawsuits... make sure if she is the type you don't give her anyreason to sue.
Yes there is that word that women throw at men all the time.
the one catch is that you have to get up and do something!!
it is okay to talk .
to much make up looks bad.
u will know if u cant go without talking or seeing or thnking bout her for a secound.
Just do what you think is best.
she is gonna do what she wants no matter what you say unless you threaten her.
you sound like you like him a lot.
im single, but i'm a girl sry lol
But, that does not mean he is in love, or loves you.
Hope you get it worked out.
explain it to her that u were out of your world when that happened.
abusive dose not just mean hitting, it also means verbally, emotionaly, or/and pschologley (spelling is bad, sorry).
Enjoy highschool while your in there.
sorry but there aren't lot of girls with their photos.
I also work with her every day & she reminds me of it each day...
don't ignore her and just pass by.
good luck and do not do this.
you gonna have to play cat and mouse on this situation.
i had one deleted for adult content i said SE*...like six
IF I FEEL SOMETHING SPECIAL FOR HER, I WOULD!
if your thinking of other women then who is thinking of your wife?
If your marriage is so bad that you are cheating.
I think he was though, mainly cause most girls suck at picking guys.
And then theres me which i'm not racist, but i just like black or dark skinned guys better.
How could you cheat on your wife and then How could you ruin your girlfriends life
email me if you can christine_chicago@yahoo.com
He always says: Life is long..... and I see it the completely opposite way.
i wish i had a swing like that in MY backyard...
I don't know I have to meet you first!
you dudes on here might wanna rethink your answers and questions!!
But I consider myself the most mature out of my friends who are 21 also.
Do people have to be married to have sex?
GIVE HER A CHANCE TO EXPLAIN IF SHE DOES.
sex after marriage is an old idea ???
But I consider myself the most mature out of my friends who are 21 also.
Do people have to be married to have sex?
GIVE HER A CHANCE TO EXPLAIN IF SHE DOES.
sex after marriage is an old idea ???
wih romance sometimes comes love, but with love there should always be great romance
I am in general doing pretty well, it is just I feel weird about telling people.
Your best bet is to ask him whats up!
as close as she feels comfortable with.
Don't come out and say i'm in love w/ u and i'm dying to jump on u!
Just know you're really in love!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I just want to know is it okay to date younger guys?
There's a big age difference, uhm... very big.
But there might be someone there that u might not know about.
Like you said your ex-gf married a 65 year old for MONEY.
walk her to her lock or something.
1. it's hard to find true friends these days.
guys like a girl who makes the first move.
NO GEEKS WOULD SO BORE ME.
just tell yourself, i know he loves me and i know i love him.
If you ask him out & he says no, don't let it bother you.
Thats all you need to do!
What is she using the money for...her own self!
and is there any way on changing their minds?
You wanna call him or her?
i been in a relationship for 6yrs.
Guys...u know when ur girl is on her period and she really doesn't wanna do anything, right?
wow sister you are in a tough spot!
Maybe u and miss who wants to be my friend should get together.
iam male of age 23 .Pl help me !!
The both of you would probably be better off if you forgot about him!
hey what's wrong with being thick?
too long and you can get hurt with that thing, too short and you can't feel anything.
Or' you can beat him with a frying pan to teach him not to fu** with you again:)
...because, for a lot of them, it is very trendy and en vogue right now....ask any psychologist!
leave him now or, find out the hard way.
she says she doesn't like him, but i know for sure that she does.
not physically but mentally .... yup!
Your Cheating your Wife.. and ruining your girl friends life as well.
well what address did it come from?
pretty much whenever you really like someone, 12 or above
a vacation for just the two of you.
the majority of woman beaters won't fight a man.
Dont worry tho the right guy will come along and like u for u not ur looks.
fourth of all, it may be best to go after another guy.
that all depends on the girl who's getting the ring.
don't call him, wait for his call.
I sometimes think of kissing a girl but I think I just can't do it in real life.
People are just different, especially men and women.
BUT....skip all of that if you don't know what i mean.
God made them that way so us men would have something to post on yahoo answers
An example: my friend had a big argument with someone my BF knows...well over 3 years ago!
I also wonder about the same thing sis!
Then do so, even if you only drive around the block!
it is something that just is wrong.
it might turn out to be the best relationship u've had.
Does this mean what im thinking it means?
BUT CALL HIM USING YOUR CALLING CARD.
You go girl and forget about that jerk.
wait untill somebody else tells you
Does a guy that do that really love you?
dont worry if he was interested he will call.
But if she says shes going to kill herself, DON'T BELIEVE HER!!
Oh, but wait, you already gave it up to that guy....what was his name...back in high school?
Baby, some times that works great.
keep in mind that u two are siblings once in ur life and that can never change!
BUY HIM SOMETHING FROM VICTORIAS SECRET, THAT YOU WEAR.
being too sensitive then that is pretty messed up.
First of all, if you love somone you want them to be happy right?
Get out while you can girl.
still wud advice u to be cautious .
It is THE worst thing you could ever do.
it's all about conversation, really .
keep looking he is probably  a cheater.
Go hang out, hear some nice free music/poetry, get yourself a cup of joe and introduce yourself.
The sad thing is that us guys are doggs, and were pretty much after some easy p*ssy.
what do you do when you have a friend thats a girl but you want to make it more
FIRST OF ALL, YOU NEED TO SERIOUSLY TALK TO YOUR HUSBAND.
march of last year, he lived in a 3 bedroom apt.
when you cant stop thinkig bout this person he/she is always on yor mind
have have a question about him its does chris woody really like me.
people have fetishes and they deserve 2 have them fillfiled.
the answer is not A or B it is E and Z
Then you have a choice to make, don't you?
I have a strange feeling that baby daddy don't like to be with one lady.
because they get a lot of attantion that you see and you wish you could get that attation
keep shoppin till you find the pair that fit right in all aspects.
But if she doesn't the you'll know.
are 23 year old men immature?
yea wat r u waiting for go for it GIRL!!!!!
ALL ANSWERS TO LIFE'S WHY'S AND HOW'S CAN BE FOUND IN TIME.
Love and lust do not go hand in hand.
GET UR BUTT OFF THE COMPUTER AND FIND ONE!!!
there goinna be a lot of ugly girls in there seventies with all these silicon crap lol!
i love him and want to be with him and he is supportive and cares about my children.
I need God more, though... without him...
it would kill u if u dont.
love is when you really care, protect, listen, get along with, and like a person.
chat online if you are lonesome!
Also depends on you cuz Im jealous and i wouldnt want her to say been there done that.
if you like him well do it!
I'm looking for a word I don't see there 'monogomous'.
new boy friend will do it for you
IF YOU LOVE HIM, YOU WILL BE ABLE TO OVERLOOK THIS AND TAKE HIM FOR WHO HE IS.
no dont do it unless shes a total bitch!
I PERSONALLY ENJOY BEING COMMITTED, SINGLE IS OK BUT ONLY SO MUCH YOU CAN DO BY YOURSELF.
I FELT LIKE A LOST PUPPY ROAMING AROUND NOT KNOWING IF I WAS IN THE RIGHT SPOT.
STOP TALKING ABOUT IT AND TELL HIM!!!!!
nm i don't want to know.
if you really loved your boyfriend you wouldnt need anyone else.
Think about and then be honest with yourself...
then do as some unwise person said, give it up when he asks you.
try and surround yourself with people who truly love you and care about you.
She /he will always be there for you no matter what.
I like it too and i thought i was the only one!
Some enjoy it a lot but some don't.
Tell ur husband if she like her frankly Good luck......
ashly dont go out lookin 4 tru love, it shood really come 2 u .
Your way too good for him.
well i need answers from someone with experience
u can't wait for a formal invite forever ;)
i know, it's a cruel, cruel world.
You should only have sex with someone you love!
if yes then she is a sl*t!!
they are locked in her car.
this boy we are clos but just friends everything alike
Oh my goodness...You truly want to wait.
YOU NEED TO KNOW YOU CAN MAKE IT.
It even rained on my wedding day and I wouldn't change that either.
find a nice pet and some friends.
strip off all your clotes throw him on the bed and fuck him
share a secret and see how far it goes
You dont want to spend your life asking  What If
mmmm why don't you tell him you had a date and he's not invited!
act cool but not dorky cool.
Guys today like girls who are assertive.
If there is doubt, get the heck out!!!
I personolly think your in love.
and i knew that he was the guy that i had drempt about, about 1 year before.
My husband always keeps himself well groomed; he smells sooo good, NO nose hairs, hair trimmed; washed; and combed.
If both are fine with it, then it is OK  living la vida loca  :)
MAIL ORDER BRIDE  Then let them do the whole wedding thing
if there wasn't then why did Christ die on the cross for us?
HE SAYS HE LOVES ME AND WANTS TO BE WITH ME BUT HE DOESN'T ACT LIKE HE LOVES ME.
I should know, being a man and so...
Throw tradition out of the window... girls ask guys out more and more every day.
MY HUSBAND HAS OCD AND HE DOES THINGS LIKE CHECK THE LOCKS,HE DOES THINGS MULTIPLE TIMES.
The next time it could mean prison time for him.....AND YOU.
yeah from what i've heard they do
I do prefer bigger girls and I do prefer brunettes.
I told the guy I liked, that my friend liked him, but she really doesn't!
look in yahoo people finder or names data / google
no matter how bad you want to advance.
You're just looking for someone to tell you it was OK.
hmm nope haven't had any dreams like that before
And usually from then on, they're thinking about the first person that they ever had sex with.
what the hell game are you playing?
i've heard they have bigger packages than asian men.
you probably have some good resaons
Find yourself the first hot looking ho and bang her like a salvation army drum!
a guy needs to be a lil taller than me but i usually fall fo short ones lol
One friend of mine, even got married.
I cannot believe that you live with him already!
What is not adultery,  sex between man and wife.
Start hanging out and it should go pretty good from there!
Then it felt dirty and made me sick.
(this was something I did right)  For every choice (dress, banquet hall, etc.)
all over dont be afraid to talk
or their love can go deeper then that?
dont ruin something that u fought for so hard.
becoz as u said he moved on immediately.
you can tell him I think you blew it,SEE YA
I bet with a little smile you are a dream.
or try to get him back.
And do not tell where you are moving to.LoL!!!!
I try to stick with that.
right now iam living with my parents.
No she is not a friend unless you had already told her that it was okay.
stay, because if they're your soul mate love would be all that matters.
Treasure your family and all you hv now!~ argument is just a dust compare to the whole universe!
yes, respect her as a sister and set aside that fight for your sister to be happy,
I guess because all girls are cheaters too.
go to the lewis store and buy him a fascinating jeans..
You could always ask him :-)
never had one yet(well kinda wen i was 11 but not really)
WOMEN JUST NEED TO TELL A MAN WHAT SHE LIKES AND THE MEN ALL WANT TO KNOW, TRUST ME.
if flirting doesnt work, move on to somebody who will be interested in you.
while most women say things much nastier; like we are dating their little brother or something.
Blonde, light complxion, blue eyes, skinny B.
If u makin friends here around or just gaining some knowledge frm chatroom then it is intentionally good.
you don't want to get hurt if he says no.
of course you should hang with a guy you like.
try imagine that person stuck with you every single minutes of the day until the day you die...
Let me tell you-my wife is a larger lady, and not at all easy.
money is tight and there are children involved.
Then try to pick up the pieces afterward so sad!
and 350 is alot to spend on a bf of less than a year.
i've heard different opinions from different people.
some just want to rush things to put a baby on you thats not yours.
good personallity... n sence of humer
of course it happens to me all the time
he does, he's just waiting 1 more year to avoid jailtime...
some just dont want to be alone.
you buy dinner one time and they will the next.
maybe you should try and meet someone that doesnt go to the bar.
if you don't then that just has problems written all over it.
Why do you fart up juice?
how old r u thats such an immature question
ya definiteli...this is da wae to show that he enjoy da sex that he had....
i personnally think that you should lay off the asphyxiation practices...
I have alot of girl and boy friends.
I don't like you try your luck to other girl...
i was kinda loking for someone to.
Most guys only tell you they love you for one reason.
i mean its just people loving each other :'[
Explain exactly how u feel to ur wife and how important sex is to u.
remember this,once you cheat, your more likely to do it agian.
the features i look for in a guy are: sincerity, honesty, compassionand comprehension.
I want to run to a friend and tell her about this great guy I've met.
me:Well that's a dumb question to ask, no why would you want to anyway?
it depends what kind of love your talking about?
sex is bad - don't have sex!
was she related to josh penland?
u should first know what it is...best of luck.
After I came out so did about 3 or 4 of my other friends, so it could benifit.
Nah, dump him, or he'll keep on oing it...
well to bad your in chicago
you may even have to settle for mr right now
no cause it will make u weak
Don't let your head with ears get too swollen!
She may be nice but she is way too nosy.
The answear can only be found with in you....  Good Luck....
it would never work , We'd fight and I win
Listen, Im gonna keep it real with you aight.
yep  but it doesn't mean i reject daily requests :p
A 21 year guy should not have started dateing a 15 year old Jail Bait girl.
I guess I'm in the wrong place!
NEVER GIVE OUT YOUR NUMBER, ANYONE CAN GET YOUR ADDRESS VIA YOUR PHONE NUMBER!
Think about anything but what you are doing!
She's got you on the backburner!!!!
IF HES GOOD IN BED GO FOR IT!
But alas I do not know where to start looking.
dun scare she ur type of cup !
wait, and for sure dont call him, the whole thing is a game!
keep him and just watch the fooball games with him.
Well the good thing is that ya'll kids get along.
If you keep moving the boundaries - how should she know what you really mean?
he doesnt grin or show any emotion at all.
Not having any hair, makes her look...pre-pubescent, and that just seems wrong.
Guys today are wimps and wishy washy.
NOW THIS IS JUST AN EXAMPLE IT HAPPENS LIKE THAT WITH EVERYONE I KNOW.WHY?
For a girl, try late twenties.
He says that im the right girl but hes to young.
if she leaves, it means she doesn't want to go out with you.
... because their partners don't know what to do to please the gal.
Actually I believe most women don't com.
WELL GUYZ LOOK 4 BREAST AND BUTT IT TRU SORRY IF I OFFENDIDE U
go up to him and comfront him about ur feelings.
on basis of which i can tell you u r doin bad or rite.
U won't be able to get over it,u could only forigive him;If u want to.
If you are just trying to hurt them, no.
you could always go on the show the bachelorette!
and know whether s/he is really what u thought s/he is.
I know I don't want to tell my mate everything I did in my past.
been  there  done  that  seperated  now
:)   Anyways, you ask what Love is Blind really means.
if they are afraid to let you know...they are too insecure for you to deal with.
nothing is wrong with dating someone that is chubby
And short phone calls just to say I love you!
If he doesn't like you, it would not be very much fun.
If you're a kid, romance should not be an issue...
did something bad happen on the trip?
Try out her idea of a little relationship & make it grow
put urself first just this once and maybe u and i will know what 2 do... good luck
Guys have yall ever considered that as an option??
IF YOU ARE OUT OF LOVE THEN IT IS GOING TO TAKE A LOT TO BRING SOMEONE BACK...GOOD LUCK
All you do is stereotype about guys, trying to make girls looks like ANGELS, FYI, girls cheat too.
I could not have said it any better!!!
If no matter what the sex if someone says they would rather shack up and its better than marriage.
Should I leave her and look for someone better??
Chasey Lane... and do you really need a reason??
plain and simple a true friend wouldnt do that
and lick places you might not think he'll like(but he will)!
Probably not I dont think i do.
I feel like i'm ready for love.
I guess that I am still old fashioned that way.
and also rent meet the parents its just funny!
Be a big girl and do likewise.
best bet is make a date of it.
certain std's can lay dormat for up too 7 yrs.
I see him at a bar I go to.
introspect urself when u were his GF...did u burden him?
He and his son do no wrong.
I always feel so bad and I do apologize but I know the sting is still there.
Quit obsessing about it for starters.
my boyfriend is 5 years older than me!
MARRIAGE IS ABOUT FINDING YOUR PATH AND UNITING IT WITH ANOTHER TO MAKE ONE.
well love makes u do crazy things...
And there are so many flowers to choose from!
your guy will surely be hurt if he finds out that you've been going out with this extra guy.
If your friend is gay, you don't have a chance.
And no, he won't notice you.
barbie.com but first ask dad or mom!
you married your husband because you loveed him.
If he gets a girlfriend she always gets mad cause she thinks we're too close.
NO MA'AM YOUR ON YOUR OWN WITH THIS ONE
where do the average jane work?
you also know that laying with same sex is a sin.
then u must use ur talent.
for others, it's like climbing Mt.
yes well what my freind said lol
He sounds like he would be a lucky guy to have you!
only guys that have the courage..if u dont make a move first, some1 else might!!
because its natural and you know your body best and knows what it likes!
It's ok to miss your love and I hope he misses you to.
Dont get involved until u r absoluteley sure.
Don;t be like me and my boyfriend.
do u want to deal with this the rest of ur life?
how can i find him for a divorce?
nevada city is where i sit
are u saying there unarractive because the guy isn't with u.
just curious as to your thoughts!
What ever you are doing, always do your best.
LIFE IS WHAT YOU MAKE IT GOOD OR BAD AND SO IS A RELATIONSHIP ONLY THIS TAKES TWO.
You have to be strong and tell him NO!
(BYW, i work in the ER) there are diseases that this can also spread.
I wouldn't exist, and neither would music!!!!!
buy that ring get down on your knee  and ask her to marry you do it this week
I think tattoos express how a person sees their life...and actually some tattoos are very sexy!!
but for now she is with you.
WHEN YOU ARE IN LOVE BELIEVE ME YOU WILL KNOW IT.
I met a guy on net.
But be prepared, if she just wants to be friends, she will not what to become more than that.
frankie beverly 101....Joy and Pain are like sunshine and rain.
fake ones are obvious and obnoxious looking.
OK, girle - first, breathe !
If you really like this boy, I suggest you ask him if he likes you.
im not the smartest person so dont anyone say report cards.
Hope you have fun with the wedding and with scrapbooking!!
Once cheated, stupid me, twice cheated, stupid you I would think long and hard if he cheated on you.
one who can keep a secret forever
and you'll get many girls with your moves.
or am i just kidding myself?
nowhere, all men are jerks one way or another.
just do what you feel makes sense and don't second guess yourself.
It's not cool to write like this, it just makes you look lazy.
I think it makes them look more dangourous..lol..
no theres nothing wrong in pleasuring yourself
And I just can't see myself having the heart to hit her like I mean it.
(if the guy has a clue at what he is doing)  they are all good for something.
searching for boobs is not that much of a big deal.
What u never had u can never miss, man, just let it go!
I got three words for ya, Peeping Tom
No matter how much you love each other, 4 months it's still way too soon.
you may wind up with no one
then i went home and never heard from her again.
there are other fish in the sea!
He always calls eventually, so maybe I should just wait it out...?
* Everybody gets what they deserve!
Thats not on my mind all day every day
think about it for a second, isn't self love so much better, it always gives back right?
your 14-15 N thinking about having sex?
They kept whispering, Isn't that that odd customer?
i m sure u will find one for u to marry.
umm...you should just tell him, and/or give hints (meaning show that you care for him).
and who knows you might find someone your age and fall in love with him.
if u love something let him go,will come back?
he never noticed how i felt about him, so go ahead and hang out!
I think it's really cute :)!
(He'll probly piss u off 2, every once in a while)
No its NOT OK to have relationship with old bed mates if you are married.
ever since i been a little girl i've been attracted to girls.
I, for one, think about whom I am having sex with.
and don't play with her boobs all the time, makes of feel like u only want one thing.
lots of gstraight guys like butt sex.
Try asking him to do this for you....
i cant even think of that.
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo!
you can do anything you want
if ya think he is gonna-wait!!!!
Rent one and hang out in a park all day, you will be a chick magnet!
?send me as much answears possible
I have never heard of this before and i think its complete ludacris
This was totally wrong of her and broke your trust.
not not really but it depneds on the chatrroom ur in:)
u need to be very careful.
A small Family....Kids are to mush work these dayz......lol
Because boys think they are Gods gift to women.
wHATUP BABY...NEED SOME company...Im a kitty kat and need a master to pet my furrrrrrrrrrrr....
Not at all, unless she doesnt like it, or is not in the mood.
BUT SOME WOMEN ARE TO SCARED TO TELL THE MAN SO THEY NEVER HIT THE RIGHT SPOT.
Wear one of my t-shirts with nothing else.
He swears its over now(mostly because i always found out)and swears he loves me.
Only if I thought it would lead to great make up sex!
That would be a nice start.
medium because its not to big or too small
maybe you sould make the first move guys love it
y do men love to have sexs???
GET YOURSELF A PRE-PAID CALLING CARDS FROM YOUR LOCAL WALMART / TARGET STORE.
Like them for who they are.
first kiss - 9.  first date - 14
if they forgive you, then they are a friend true- blue!
i dont have this problem im only in highschool.
you should keep them above your head actually
there is a lady who i know who i love to meet but i am afraid she might laugh
Should I say goodbye, or try and get over the fact that I hurt him so bad?
Girl show him u got balls just like him, KICK HIS ASS TO THE CURB AND FIND SOMEONE BETTER!
Or buy him a nice shirt.
do a people search..sometimes it costs about 10-20, but it works
I could go on and on.
well if its your house to i wouldn't put up with it.
Go to the Church... before it's too late
Well, u see most guys get serious about relationships when they get 23.
what do you get the perfit guy
Eat it if you do, throw away if you don't.
you will know it in your heart, you can tell alot by looking someone in the eyes
i'm doing great, how are you?
you are at a good age,19 and 24, that is sexy.
because boys drive us crazy and they get on our nerves.
that might be a turn-off to women.
I even caught my ex at it!
well it deppends how old you r
I would prefer that you find the perfect guy to spend the rest of your life with.
why did you break up in the first place?
Depending if the guy is really who he says he is.
it is good to have advice in this topic coze i was about to ask similar q any way.
if that's not the case then i dunno.
IF HE REALLY MISSES YOU HE WILL CALL YOU.
!it is how you use it!
and we hated keeping that secret.we both ended up getting hurt in the end.
Is it ok to have guy friends even though your man doesn't approve.
you should sit both of them down and about it.
But if she gives up on you she dont care for u that much.
AND FROM THAT POINT ON YOU WILL KNOW WAHT LIFE IS ALL ABOUT.
u might b ugly and not all woman like other woman
I say this from a personal experience so either take it or just throw it to the ocean... ;-p
How can I tell if she still does?
or find sum other hott person to have a drunken one-night stand with?
i do,my cousin is the hotest guy on earth.
- She's in love with someone else.
But why are you asking him!
get her a ring, get down on one knee, and ask, will you marry me?
This guy seems like a jerk.
get a NEW some one fast
sssshhhhhh dont tell him he will think i'm weard
things happen and you were just afraid.
Books like SMART LOVA CAN HELP!
why would anyone want to get married.
Also i have this in my office P.C.
I think it really depends on the guy.
i have no problems with sensitivity.
i have the same problem with this one boy named chris woody.
More proof that women collectively DON'T REALLY GIVE A RAT'S @SS about men.
probably for the same reason white women crave black guys?
i have the same problem with this one boy named chris woody.
AS a guy I must admit that the quiet inocent type don't typicaly stand out.
if yes, answer this, did u tell your friend before they started dating or whatever they are doing?
More proof that women collectively DON'T REALLY GIVE A RAT'S @SS about men.
probably for the same reason white women crave black guys?
does he do nice things for you?
All guys are not cheaters, many women cheat also.
EVERYTHING THAT HAPPENS, HAPPENS FOR A REASON, now she has someone shes happy with, and i'm very much happy.
btw, havent u been cheating ......
so i say, if it's ment to be you will know...and time has no bearing.
She undecided so you choose no:)
In other words she probably goes down on him when your not watching
Damnit, what's wrong with you people ???
thats like my bf and me.
she'll begin to treat you like shit.
because the majority of men want  or have more than one girl
if you call him then youll seem desparate, and he'll feel like hes a player!
but dont sound obvious about it.
If he want to call he will.
i kno ita a 50/50 between guys cheating!
converation might just dwell on the latest botique, hair salon....men wont relate.
(for example......is she holding a soccer ball, tennis racket, ATV keys, dog leashes, baby stroller, grocery cart??)
I dunno if there is something wrong with me or what but I need advice...Please give me ur words
I have a big family and I love it!
i wonder if men realize the effects that heartbreak can leave.
But if they are truely, acting a fool then don't worry, everyone else will notice.
well does ur crush know that u have a crush??
Maybe I'm wrong but seems about right to me!!
(I wouldn't put it past her) If she lied to about that, then what else is she lying about?
My Ex is an a** and I am just kind of wondering why??
for under 18 years its so bad,but for anyone as you i guess its so good,for kissing it.
trustful always incourage me in doing good things
Alot of people have the time off!
this much <___________________________>  no more, no less.
definetly not you definetly need to look for someone up your alley of age
If he broke up with you, that sux.
Not to mention fake a_ _ profiles.
Did you forget they are male ???
So you can hurt people you love.....
so it realyy depends on your feelings for her,
Someone that wont smother them and some one that is good looking
using 2 instread of to, u instead of you, ur instead of your only means a couple of things.
in extreme cases (the person has a problem w/ drugs or alcohol) the silent treatment will not work.
id be careful about who u give your number 2. id meet him before id give it 2 him.
(SORRY FOR THE CAPS MY KEYBOARD IS NOT WORKING LOWER CASE)
tell her what you just typed.
and im not gay im a straight female:)
Must be something really big if you even think about not going to her wedding.
we leave for lunch, and she can't find her keys.
But guys, i want to know what u think?
well it simple to prove it
am i abnormal?and what do u think about him?
for the two of you to become lover or just friends.
odds are you are just her meal ticket.
Because she likes him and has done it with him...I'm telling you she's hidding something!
i liike a girl but she thinks that i'm crazy.
it doesn't matter if you love him .
I think about 3 times a week
Hi Annyian, nice to meet you.
My wife so busted me once way back when we were dating.
First, I want a woman, not a girl.
you don't have to find it.
And of course you have a right to do this!!!!!!!!!
alright the first answer was obviously from a girl, and i feel your pain man.
you gotta look inside yourself and see if you really do still love him.
Then she said- I had the best time, thanks!
you don't have to find it.
you gotta look inside yourself and see if you really do still love him.
u were not in love to begin with.
you need to go uncheck that area where it ask for adult content allowed or not
Now that I know this, it is killing me inside.
THE PERSON YOU LEAST EXPECT MAY BE THE ONE.
My guy and I are still together :)
at my school there are like 5 or 6 asians and I actually get along with all races.
Find a guy that wants you for you.
the person i was cheating with told him.
I think girls: butt and Abs Guy want abs and chest
Hire cheaters tv show, ne way there is no way b/c your own insecurities come into play.
just tell them u love them sometimes words can mean more
none fo ur bees wax so give up on meeting the ladies idiot
I think flirting is nature and I don't care what anyone says, everyone does it from time to time.
REMEMBER BE NICE TO HIM .
Irritated or not, I'm getting mine!LOL
Probably not, but you know stranger things have happened.
I think it is all an excuse that they are tired.
plan for any snafus and traffic.
if i have had s*x with an employee before?
tell him how u really feel n make sure he understands where ur coming from
Love going come when u really need it;cause i know.
I think your man is just jealous and insecure.
It's not like girls are gonna kill them or something.
Sick mided.......... my friend:no, and i never would.
well who hasn't done it before.
take no for an answer if she gives it to you.
Get on with your life sweetie, before it is gone.
Males are ugly, pigs everywhere you go!
Thickness.......a long pencil isn't that great!
lol yes i think so... does that make me weird?
Just wondering if there are other men who prefer the couch?
if yes, forget your friend, but sorry, there is nothing u can do about it.
There are two guys that  like me.
Thats what I had to do, and I don't feel a bit bad about it!
tell her its time to help or leave
feed your couriosity, but be careful.
hot pink does it for me...
I can't imagine that he wouldn't be.
u jst come 2 the right place
Some are mature at 20, others just never grow up.
That girl is getting married now.
which begs the question, is it wrong when a woman gives it up on the first date?
Go ahead and move on yourself and don't you dare look back.
HAVE HIM GIVE YOU HIS PHONE#!
So many men, so little time!
u know how it looks when ur with some other girl
That would be the STATE your in....DUMB AZZ QUESTION....SMH
I didn't have a boyfriend till I was 17.
Hmm.. its kinda seems to me that she wants her cake AND eat it too.
get therpy or a lovely linda doll!
Then dress up if you feel that way!
Sex is fantastic with the one you love.
doubt it, it should be the person not the hair color.....
you must be reaaaaaaly desperate dude!!!
we learned it from our mothers
i think when a girl is too shy, it might put the guy off
1nce u do it a few times u wont b so nervouse.
*SIGH* I think he needs to come on here and get some better excuses!
you just have a different love interest.
sometimes the waiting can change you
Give yourself time to get over it.
if you are not a nigerian and not in nigeria then let me know your location
I hope it works for you!
is that showing him that i do love him if i put up with it?
Be yourself but if that doesn't work nakedness is always an option.
IF U THINK IT IS THEN YES
Well I'm sure you want to be in shape too don't you?
TELL HIM WHAT YOU LIKE TO BE DONE DURING SEX.
well it all dependn on you tel, him some444444
so i paid the guy 40 buck and he had it open in a few minutes.
you don't have to if you really don't want to.
You don't want to start off with I love you!
you never gurantee that, just keep loving him and be faithfull and hope he does the same too
didn't you mention you had a small johnny.
With a nice salad to start.
speaking from my own expierence stay within your own age no older than one or two years at least!!
totally normal man go for it!
i am in love with this one guy.
Good luck and I hope you find the answer to your question!
if you looks for one you won't find one lol
Ironically some guys get jealous when their wife or girlfriend is close to her brother.
but u need to make sure they want it and lik it to
He might just be crazy & ask him !
whether your a virgin or not when you feel sexy, then you are sexy.
I say, get your own place - think about the kids.
So, I guess I'm going with small.
omg that happened to me.. i dumped him 3 times, and he wouldnt get it.
Since you are trying to impress guys.
be frank and listdown all things that make you sad!
Well you could ask the other guy.
Like i dont kno how 2 kiss n im jus wondering.
and his loss...  just move on...
u think slapping your mom to have a million dollars is worthed?
ALWAYS REMEMBER TAKE THE GOOD WITH THE BAD
What it do and whats up ma'.
Look around, anyone look, smell, sound, taste anything like you?
Just the ones that are ****ed in the head do.
Really, what have you got to loose.
The bathroom sink...His height and the angle......woo hoo!!!!!
because you cannot be this dumb not to know.
AND WON'T DO IT FOR LIFE.
Men like women that are self assured
he should b committed to her or not be with her.
yes......this was my date from hell!!
try it and u tell us
Pick up the phone and give him a call, it will make you both feel better  :)
Us women are a lot like men, in the sense that we get a hard on too.
you should be looking for a manfriend.
BTW thanx for your response to my question
to heck with that /&#92; !
i would still love you because youre the same person.
You just seem to be going after stupid men.
If your a Guy, as soon as she askes for it!
So shy, goofy guy meets Miss Saigon and, Bang!, happy ending all around.
hmm the problem seems to be u dint tell him about us.......
if someone hurt their love then it all about loving itself more than the other.
Hey I might sound cruel, but I am not.
your acting stupid,   maybe you shuld marry him.
it's best to use a condom no matter what.
Nope but I do have a sexy birthmark.
Do fun stuff like ice-skating or something that might not sound exactly like exercise.
Do you NOT want sex all the time?
because our parents gave us names n other parents did the same so that is our parent's fault
that is bad news...well r u still friends?
what different do it may?what's it to u?
Obviously you flirt back, or he still wouldn't be flirting!
one coupon for kisses and hugs...you get the picture.
well i think that my guy cousins are cute but i never liked any of them
But she didn't notice me like that, and I knew it.
one you have to convince that you love them.
me - 22, her - 18... We're friends...
longer, should have left long time back, but if u love him, stick it out & c...
so theres this girl who said she only wants to have a little relation ship with me.
If not then think of a comprimise...like maybe not watch but join.
its not everyday you get a feeling like this...
MOST of my friends are men.
they have to make the marriage work.
and yes im still a virgin.
trust me u aint missing nothing from a man.
If he's interested in you, he will do some flirting back.
do you think if he really loved me he would do that?
i also wanna know how 2 change that.
i can under stand ur feeling, love is so sensitive,handle b4 it hurts us...
sounds like puppy love to me!
give him flowers  ask him out to eat
there should be always some rules.
Get a life because it doesn't...Nicky
Mmm... That sounds like it could be fun!
After reading others repsonses, ARE YOU GUYS CRAZY?
If a bunch a guys are hanging around you then you're probley are a pretty cool chick.
Do things to keep you busy.
IF YOUR SECOND GUESSING YOURSELF THEN DEFINITLY NOT.
not hating them helps if its a loner
The guy friend that I am looking for I have been friends with for about 6-7 years now...
If you love him you should trust that he would not do anything to hurt you.
ive known a few quiet and innocent girls who got the best pick  keep it innocent boys like that!
you get a feeling YOU'LL KNOW if he is the special one or not
You if you don't say it, either your or her if you do.
i've been there more than once!
if i spent my life with people exactly like me, i never would have learned anything.
no, its not men or women being dishonest.
first don't buy a cell phone unless you have a ring on your finger.
if it hurts than you still love him
o and give him hell about it for the next year.
Death:-  Years passed, I looked down at the coffin of a girl who used to be my 'best friend'.
maybe cut back on the time you spend with him.
most boys i know are really shy so they don't come up to other girls often.
well there is a difference between looking for boobs or  another girlfriend.
will i ever forget him ?
Girl you are posing the same question I did not too long ago!
Finally my boyfriend came to me and I'm happy 4 once.
But if I had to pick, girls generally seem to like eyes and butts.
make him realize ur serious about being friends.
SO MOSTLY JUST LOOKING FOR GUY FRIEND TO TALK ONLINE HERE AND TO CHAT ONCE IN WHILE HERE?
then that kinda person should be avoided.
If youre serious about bein in love with her she probably, wont laugh.
since then i have vowed never to cheat on another woman.
I dont think there is anything wrong with it
he says this is what is keeping us apart.
yes for some... i love it
the time will show u the answer of ur question
because it used to happen to me.
as for the cheating on with uglier parteners.. that is 100% not true.
look at them.you'll get major butterflies if u love them.If u don't love them break up
Wish you the best in life-may God bless you for ever ............
It's not that he wants to have sex with YOU, he just wants to have sex.
Yes girl find out all you can, after all its your world that man is entering.
Think about what if YOU were the one with the missing legaments..etc.?
big ones or small ones doesn't matter.
They are full of nutcases, freaks and wierdos!
but it's worth it, even when it fails.
try to drop the bomb casualy and just start talking (or writing notes in class) and just say hey!?!?!
Hi, darlin', my name is Cowboy... remember that name  because you're gonna be screaming it alllll night...
Well, girlie, there is no good reason to cheat, so forget it!
would it be selfish of me to tell him to get out?
he would tell me about wild partys he had attended and had wild sex.
Wouldn't you want to have sex with someone who really cares about you?
wish you the best of luck.
but if i leave i get everything back but no lace to stay what should i do
IF SOMEONE HAS BAD OPINIONS ABOUT YOU, THEY DONT MATTER ANYHOW.
Let me know how it goes!
and he bought me drinks and snacks during the game.
shes asian but thinks asian guys are too short and look like aliens.
brake up shes not worth your time
don't do anything drastic- just pretend that you lost something of theirs.
or  *Are u indifferent (don't care)?
her dog just wanted to pick a fight with mine.
don't get it be more specfic and i'll try again!
But don't let it be your cardinal rule...
TELL HIM WHAT U LIKE AND WHAT U DON'T.
In the back of my mind I expected him to walk out on me again.
They do, you just have to wait for the boys to grow up ;)
just start makeing out with him and say lets have sex
but i do know from expierience.
yes  but you did not say who  I love 4 children all at once
he may think your weird, but if he duznt kno u it cant be that bad.
If anybody ever tells you that size doesn't matter they are lying.
NO MATTER WHAT YOU THINK OR FEEL, IT WON'T WORK, IT WON'T WORK, IT WONT WORK.
I HOPE I HELPED YOU ALITTLE AND GOOD LUCK!
FOLLOW YOUR HEART AND NOT YOUR MIND YOU HEART WILL NEVER LEAD YOU WRONG.
I live here....And most of them have money and are really good looking.
right, i like the answer above, she covered it all
having faith two poeple who are willing to work together
some just want to find em f@#$k em then flee em.
The girl I had wrongly fell in love with in H.S.
once a week and i have to frucking beg for it its why ive had two affairs, wanted affection
Not at all, unless YOUR religion prohibits it.
Just my .02 cents...actually worth far less!
I'm 30 and kinda wont to date a younger guy, maybe 23 to 25.
He might be a total nutcase!
Unless of course you are both single and there is a chance both of you are reinterested.
Girls tell guys that she doesnt like him when the guys proposes to the girl...
try joining a book club or somthing like that
My boyfriend said he loved me and I believed him.
if u want him and he's free whats stoping u?
WHY DO YOU GET MARRIED IF IT IS NOT GOING TO LAST AT ALL THERE  HMMMMMMMMMM?
take a wild shot in the dark on why we have names.
so be awear of guys in high school.
hope i helped and good luck!
Her mom and dads full-size sit-down shower.
and do what your heart tells you 2 do.
If he starts acting like you have full blown HIV, you know what I mean?
(If he did, he would definaely wait too.)
has your friend ever been jealous, this could just be her way to break you up.
i know your thinking what do you know?
I would never steer your wrong..Goodluck
ask the guy what kind of relationship does he want because you are getting mix signals.
that's a once in a lifetime oppurtunity.
I don't know what you mean by mistreat.
THERE HAS TO BE GOOD COMMUNICATION ALWAYS.NEVER STOP TALKING TO EACH OTHER EVEN IF YOU ARE UPSET.
You should be gettin signals if shes in to you.
communicaton is one of the things that got u 2gether so use it 2 keep u 2gether.
First u need to check his/her identity.
Wish you the best of luck
no, being sensitive is just expressing the way you feel.
Is that what's best for your kids?
!but im not generalizing here, some guys still have enough decency in their bones
Split her chest cavity open and there it is!
Forget all that stuff what happeneds happends just think about the moment and her.. Good Luck!
WHEN U FIND OUT PLESAE LET ME KNOW(LOL)
yes... always be honest, no matter what.
no there is nothing wrong its in out Blood!
Geesh there are an awful lot of good looking guys here!
I went with my gut feeling and i was right.It will all come out!
I think Rose16 is right, but it is good to love everyone;)
my girlfriend said she would trust me, and i never cheated again.
i think( not sure) that u should wait atleast some weeks!
I never bring anyone around my daughter.
It depends...are you still friends...then talk about it...
I think its 16/17 for girls, 18/19 for boys.
If you are a guy ask yourself an honest question:  What was your first real toy?
If she hestitate, just leave her and forget about the guy you like.
Koffee,  I've always said that I trust my gut before I trust anything I hear, see or read.
if you want too...  but you have to face the consequence....
buti want more than a little crush so what do i do
but b prepaired 4 him 2 go else where.
Hey, thanks for the great stereotyping, ladies.
Sometimes guys seem more fun to hang out with because they arent as girly as some girls can be.
or he's always trying to get closer to you.
if a guy has a problem with his gf, wife, ect.
i have the same question,some men are just plan senseless to feamle feeling
BUT BUT BUT Why is it a big deal when the guys tell it to a girl??
im sure hed do it 4 u.
yea let him get to know you
giving a simple gift often, but unexpected.
Guys don't care about the new fancy resturant that opened up at $150 per plate .
The website might help, it's not religous or creepy at all!
english & grammar...you can do it!
yes, if the guy is not...
this is ez..... wait until he/she  ask you for it....After Hi is too soon.......after bye is too long..
it sounds a really nice but shy guy has a crush on you.
If she hit it off with this guy, maybe you should get over it and be happy for her.
I see it at work, in the streets, why is that?
But if she will start justifying then?
yes i am if you need to write me you could e-mail me is nerlande14@yahoo.com
i would talk to him and tell him what you do like and what you don't like.
I wanted her to be mine, but she didn't see me like that, and I knew it.
If you are with a woman who also likes it, then go ahead!!!!
ef u dont then u will never kno.
well kiss like you are really in love with that peorson
If you are a man and married then it is ok BUT,  2.)
6 1/2 or so I read
Don't let it drag on though.
yes i did that once and now i wish i would have said yes to him
you approach her by walking up to her.
When in love you want to give and give and give and give......and to heck with ever taking!
That being sadi...I have dated the quiet girl that was AWSOME to be with.
This is going to ruin her(your wife's) life.
already i succeeded a little bit.
I certainly don't think it's OK for her to secretly have those type friends behind your back.
I agree with MOST* of comments here...there has to be more too it.
and u know u dont want that.
but if ya wanna & that guy happens 2 b him, well then idk .
I like any girl who's pretty.
oh hell yeah, i'm sure she'd understand.
Because guys like it...my mind's in the gutter...
if you love each other and you all have your feet on the ground, youll make it.
7yrs ago i had a male friend who was very loose with sex.
Sit him down, don't even mention his X.
but it is all up to u if u want to change for life.
but don't expect me to pay .
give him a black eye and tell him to stay away from her
Is this the same with guys??
that is what u like go for it.
it doesnt hurt to try it out, if it doesnt work u can always move on.
i like those kind of dreams.
It's gotta be-  Baby you're so fine, I'd drink a TUB of your bathwater
she closed her eyes and want to closed with you
for them until it's to late.
if we didn't it would be very confusing
i am sooo glad i'm not in your situation.
it depends on the guy...and just how shy the girl is.
If you loved him you wouldn't think that he was ugly.
LOL Georgio you da luv stud hehehe
im single and the only guys in my school that like me are all real jerks.
The best man I'll ever have in this life!
Unless you have a reason, if there is any way for you to get out, you should!
Tough guys get promoted a lot (e.g.
she asks if i am faithful?
its important 2 b able 2 relax cuz that really isnt the best time 2 clinch up.
KNOWING YOUR PARTNER IS ALSO A MUST,WHAT MAKES THEM TICK, HOW DO THEY SPEND THERE TIME, E.T.C.
You should marry him if he is in Mil.
if u love him ull try.
yup, and this moment don't will be i forget in my life
but thats got nothing to do with the question.
yuck....please be a pseudo-nymn and not a real preacher??!
And what's nicer, a real or fake boobs?
Wrong because this will definitely gonna cause trouble in your relationship.
american men are seen as more powerful.
And what's nicer, a real or fake boobs?
Wrong because this will definitely gonna cause trouble in your relationship.
american men are seen as more powerful.
If you need to use some lube (like ky) or something.
how about shy guys n shy gals dating!!
MEN LIKE BEING TOLD WHAT TO DO TO A WOMAN TO MAKE HER COM.
DONT DO OR SAY ANYTHING THAT WILL PUSH HIM AWAY
Just trust her and love her.
even when its in your mouth, swirl that tongue!
If she says she likes someone else that means she is shop'n.
NOT IN MY OPINION BECAUSE SOME PEOPLE LOOK REALY GOOD WITH THERE WEIGHT.
28-34 is the age range I want but they are either waaaay too young, or waay too old.
then go up to him and say hi!
Though I have to admit I have a lot of friends that have.
I see you do not PLAN to have sex, but things DO happen.
if you are really a preacher aren't you NOT supposed to be partaking in fellatio and stuff like that??
right now i have to tell someone i still love them so i dont hurt THEM.
Of course it's ok to have guy friends.
I'm married now with no bad feelings, and it is good stuff.......
yes  big brown eyes are cute
Some girls are shy no matter how they look.
you know i think he's got a big problem.
finally i fell in love for real and have nnnooo desire for even the sexiest man.
...I'm sort of disenchanted with the one I'm currently on.
you will keep asking your self what if?
you may think u are in luv and 4 weeks later realize its just a silly crush
and also the way men are brought up .
Well you said you are a Christian.
love is what ppl make it
i tried sport but no use..
Im a beach bum from florida and I can spot a blonde amongst a sea of women
easier to tell when he is not.
Most men lust......but sometimes i deeper than u think.
how do i attrackt the cute nice guys?
STAY BUSY, GO OUT WITH FRIENDS AND HAVE FUN.
It's not a problem, it's awesome!
It's like I'm going to join the Marines.
start with just the tip then farther & farther.
and lots of girls really enjot it 1nce they try it.
But if he still has a problem answering them then I don't know what to tell you Good luck!
do you now that it is wrong to be in love with your family member?
you still shouldnt wear anything bright??
one coupon for a quikie (my favorite).
My cousins are cute but I don't like them that way!
AND DONT SAY BOTH PLEASE LOL.
it's just your jealousy talkin :)
dishonor by marriage would be good for me, yea go abstinance before marriage yea
My princess are you out there?
how do u tell aperson that u love him when he seems not to accept if love exist?
i dont think so i mean Women are sensitive  we cant change that
- finding the word boobs in his google search
Mind if I ask you a few questions about said Avatar?
Why try to love somone who will not love you back all the way?
Or maybe i'm just saying that because it's friday and i don't have a date.
would you like to see her with another man?
Now help him get over he's ex.
It suddenly becomes about them....and so not about you!
Move your TV to your bedroom
:) Hope it all works out.
i have noo idea ask him in a letter!
if you indeed love him...why mess with a good thing.
a friend of mine is doing nice things for me and my niece.
i finally confessed and we worked through it.
i have never had i dream like that befor.
I wish though, I really miss them!
I'm a guy, so I can't tell you much.
if he loved u he wont be able to move on that fast!
jus ask her wat u feel??
WUT IS DAT GOOD FOR  believe me i know!
part on good terms and pursue her sister separably...but hey, maybe she might be into a incestuous 3 way....lol
If you DAMP him then you would have to do something to try to get him dry again... :-)
Problem is that I still can't eat steak following the surgery but, when I can...look out!
That way you will get bonus pity points!
if he lets you in on his thoughts and fears and everything about him.
I'm not a woman, but I say WALK, no, RUUUUNNNN away!
it depends on lots of things, the most important is genetic
if you give and give but you are not reciving you will end up with nothing to give.
BUT I WOULD HAVE TO SAY LOOKS,IT'S THE FIRST THING YOU SEE.
Walk the hell away!, is not worth it, it sound like a sloppy situation about to happen.
I don't want to just pick one but if I have to it's got to be the girl's booty!
did you see that ring kobe bought for his wife?
hmmm, let's see....so many to choose from.
I had the hots for this totally hot girl I met.
hit me up @yahoo.com and we'll se what we have in common
I wish you lots of luck!
so just give me ur best advice please!
send me some picture about robiie williams & george michael
hit me up @yahoo.com and we'll se what we have in common
I wish you lots of luck!
so just give me ur best advice please!
send me some picture about robiie williams & george michael
i told him i was going to run away and kill myself in tears never did but it worked
You had the hard luck of meeting one of them... Best of luck in future sweetheart.
Wedding is a huge thing for a person's life!
SOMEONE WHO TRULY LOVES YOU AND CARES FOR YOU WILL ALWAYS DO RIGHT BY YOU FROM THE VERY BEGINNING!!!!!
matter of fact, i would slap her twice!!
because honestly they show us otherwise
let me know some ways of going about that
that's a friend-but-hot relationship...ask him is that what he wants?
Give me ur number & i will call you.
Im looking for a friend too
even if it hurts me n he knows it?
no ring is going to prove that.
She says nothing happened but she also said that don't ever think that he wouldn't do something like that.
On a guy my favorite body part is his butt.
well how do you feel about this new guy?
hope that helps :P :P :P
- She just likes to tease.
No im Not Yes I am.
FLIRTING LOTS OF FUN BUT YOU HAVE TO BE PREPARED FOR A RESPONSE.
but be care full for sure
And I want someone who is looking for the very same thing.
And act like a total B to the people whose attention you don't want.
A guy would do what you allow him to.
most guys wont cheat on you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
First off your not a playa, your a lame, asking a lame ass question.
yupe..I belive of that.. but I never meet him *_*
the best thing i can tell u is to marry an american man.
where do the good men work?
Do less on the phone and IM, so there is stuff to talk about.
depends on the guy I guess.
If this is actually a REALLY GOOD BEST Friend, I would not even try to rovk the boat.
IT SHOULD NEVER BE---1)FRY 2)END 3)SHIP
it knows when its in danger.
just write me  Justin hook  1102495 hu 2-a-20 mecc  18701 old hwy 66  pacific mo 63069
it can be both men and women.
i can't top the above post.
will i look kinda desperate or is it ok to do?
if your willing to work at it any relationship can work!
She is just so hot and she knows exactly what she is doing.
i am a cheerleader and i am original on different levels.
Also remember that sleeping around rouins reputations  What ever you do have fun and enjoy life!
But I say that love, if you truly do love him, always deserves a fighting second chance.
i am looking for a true lover  but i don't live any where near you
Because guys like you makes us kick yall's asses which make you say, Oh wow, girls suck.
have u ever told ur friend u like him?
where can i get printable free marriage contract online?
Listen to her feelingd and ALWAYS BE HONEST!
I would do anything for her and heer kids.
thats what i was explaining to someone today.
if u did not leave him 5 yrs ago then let it go.
ITS DUE TO HIGH CONTENT OF FAT AND CHOLESTROL,
I think it is just their way of saying, I have travelled, so I KNOW!
would you like to join us?
:) What do YOU think Love is Blind means??
and then wrap up some chocolate syrup, whip cream and a blind fold.
he probably likes you but is just too scared to come up and talk to you though.
I because i dont know you
But if you truly feel for the guy DO NOT risk it .
Because what qualities he/she is having u are not having & what you are having he/she is  not having.
at home  p.s: woh the cemetary, that's innapropriate
what kind of question is that it will get deleted
MARRIAGE..... A LOT OF PEOPLE THINK THAT MARRIAGE IS TO GET SOMEONE CAUGHT UP INTO THE WORLD OF RESPONSIBILITIES!.
love is not just a word you said but its the air that you breath,
if he's fine yes, but its rape.
if u and him both understand what the relationship is about & ur boyh ok w/it, yes.
You need to tell her that this ain't working out with you.
The next day I got a phone call.
Yes... it gives you a longer time to get to know how much you really like a person...
Make it really clear to him that you guys are together, and you don't share.
dont interfeer if he is still interested hell let you know in some way!good luck
Then you will really be asking quastions here  lol
Tell her how you fell dog!
and being drunk is a poor excuse for anything.
If you are under 4-feet tall don't bother answering!
ask him out or wait until he grows balls and asks u out
:)   Take care and God Bless!
And then  can you trust him?
have a friend ake him if he likes you.
You recpect someone coz u love him/her or you love someone coz respect him/her..?
this guy i like stares at me alot.
it doesn't matter how much a wedding gift cost, as long as you think it's right
guys can't be alone for a month and a girl can!
chat with her 4 a few days n later give her ur phone no.
would you ever date thee opposition or thee enemy
throw it away didnt your parents teach you not to take candy from strangers
honesty humour and freedom ( space betwen us)
I think if you ever had that right, you certainly gave it up when you got divorced.
(i can't guarantee that these are all correct.
that had sex on the first date?
if you want to ask me out .
But that is just what happened with me.
We are in our mid 50's and it just gets better with age...
when you would give up your life for someone if asked
that he aint ready to kiss you
And if it dont work out between the two of you who you gone go to next his dad?
Someone is going to get hurt here.
When you find him let me know if he has a brother!
Do it man, guit being so  squeemish.
i would try some humor with him.
My dad worries to much about me.
it's wrong but not to the person you are telling it to.
please respond thanx i would like to say happy  new yeras to u and yours!
if yur a guy and you have a death wish tell them
he probably likes you then or just likes your butt
I'm sure god has someone else out there for ya.
dont make decisions out of your anger and impetuousness.
me a kiss on the cheek.
im in luv but really scared how the other person feels wut do i do
you buy a round they buy a round .
be creative do all kinds of little sweet things for her
the floor is total fun ... but still,the stairs is a good chalenge!
I already have a daughter ;)  Intelligence, confidence, I notice eyes first and like a shapely figure.
they r securing  LOVE.Sometimes it needs 2 b done
i am 15 and never had a foster home
u also have to reasure him hes being like that casue he doesnt want to lose u
but go with your gut feeling because its usually right.
men who don't show any emotions just seem to hard and women love gentle kind sensative and emotions
It isn't weird or sexy, its just you.
if think they get shy around them.
From what I read here: You love him and he loves you back, you want to get married.
i think white guys and asian girls just go together pretty good.
and has changed the way he is, cuz u urself has seen the changes.
but she puts dat boi before me.
ALSO SOME WOMEN ARE HIGHLY STRESSED WHICH MAKES  IT MORE DIFFUCULT TO COM.
i like the big bangs OO.
it's a total different thing to live it day in and day out.
i cheated on my husband (now) for the first 3 months of uor relationship.
i have been waiting and still the same excuse.
asking what she likes rememberring her answers.
just let go of the past.
it's a total different thing to live it day in and day out.
i cheated on my husband (now) for the first 3 months of uor relationship.
i have been waiting and still the same excuse.
asking what she likes rememberring her answers.
just let go of the past.
Remember this too...men don't grow up till at least 35.
if he asked you and you said no, then grow up, and think about why you said no.
So you are bisexual, what does that mean, that you suck d)ck?
dude, there's no day without night, no wrong without right.
Hang out with some girlfriends and talk to thim about this.
will you have to go smoth
dont go finding a bf on the internet.
If you really like her that much you have to persue her further.
I did, so did allot of my friends.
because their boyfriends ask them to(sorry)
Well i dont think thats most guy are scared of girls.
ok...the best advice i can give you is breathe, and dont think about it that much.
Try to go out with ur mate's friends and bring ur friends along too.
you can't just decide what features they come with.
I cannot find any thing but black sleeevless dresses is this ok?
wait to see what he thinks.
...so go out and find one!!
Start acting like you could care less...drives women crazy.
If you are a man  and not mariied to the woman then it is bad
i have never cheated on him since.
he'll have a link you can check out.
i would be more concerned about tyler.
you tell him that is yucky and ignor him forever
ok, well this makes me wonder if maybe he's like too big.
On a girl, her legs, butt and waist.
You beat the guy up she is cheating on you with, then you spit in your now ex-girlfriends face.
Anyways... my advice is to ask him.
You just have to be careful.
You beat the guy up she is cheating on you with, then you spit in your now ex-girlfriends face.
And you don't have to worry about getting cold!
Anyways... my advice is to ask him.
We don't suck U do.HA,HA,HA.Just kiddin U should stop watching soooooooo much tv.
cause u love someone too much!
make sure u use LOTS of lube.
the colour can change on a daily basis what the heck does it proove
AND THAT ONE PATH WILL LEAD YOU ONTO BRINGING LIFE ONTO YOUR OWN.
cause u love someone too much!
make sure u use LOTS of lube.
the colour can change on a daily basis what the heck does it proove
i  prefer  thickness   but  if  you  length  too   but  if  you  aint   got  it  i  can  work  wit  it
I have tatooed my tongue....a ring
yea then id split the money with her.
Senior year:-  One fine day she walked to my locker.
Pick something that would be special to both of you.
up on stage to get her diploma.
talk to the prison priest if you can...
But the ones that do do it for 3 reasons: 1.  because they think white men have money, 2.
Don't do nothing,  It might make it worst.
Being a virgin makes NO ONE sexy or weird.
IT TIME IT SHOULD GET EASIER FOR YOU TO LOOK PAST(OR AT LEAST DEAL WELL WITH) HIS OBSESSIVNESS.
I don't know what to do.
or is he one of those flightly players?
Go out with friends hang out with family jus have fun in other ways
it depends on how old your.
Now he's always hanging around me, but not like just a friend.
There all sorts of girls, some are right for you, others are not.
That's the kindof guy that you would want.
does he show u that he loves you?
what do u consider teen age.
But try convincing a woman of that...
Sure i believe in love...i believe in cancer, too...
Shauna Grant... She was so beautiful, yet what a terrible tragedy!!!
It's more like lust than anything.
What a stupid question - is that honest enough for you?
there are alot of sick people out there.
look you don't need him to divorce him.
Bump that.Drop his ass like its hot and get you a balla' thats about them dolla's girl.
i agree with paul67337.........ten points for him....i wish my boyfriend would be that romantic....sad isnt it?
I have no idea there is a yahoo lottery...
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo!
but if she did not...then why you didnt go for it first?
can tellme one thing woh can you justify a woman sexy or normal woman .
because you have not explored your sexuality.
i prefer tall cos i'm tall
its just the way you are.
me and my husband have been married almost a year and we have sex at leaset once a day
Maybe you just need to start hanging out with a different kind of woman.
oh my..... she is your mother not a way to become a millioner ...!!!!
Yes there is a such thing but just have fun
Oh yeah, I'm sure shes real mature for her age
do what she like and be near her soul
then that ho left me for my roommate.
oh my..... she is your mother not a way to become a millioner ...!!!!
Yes there is a such thing but just have fun
Oh yeah, I'm sure shes real mature for her age
do what she like and be near her soul
then that ho left me for my roommate.
If I were you I would go to the doctor anyway.
next time you catch him staring, ask him if you have a booger in your nose or something :)
To me I do not feel that you love him at all.
hell nooooo!i,m brunette and i have lots of fun
Say HI then smile at her.
girls hold back better than guys do
I mean some guys really look good in red, some in black.
say it in clear straight words:  I AM DUMPING YOU.
may b coz he is attractive
DO NOT BE WITH HER WHAT IF SHE KISSES ONOTHER GIRL WHEN SHE IS WITH YOU.
I hope I heped a little bit.
your guy has to accept the fact that u got guy friends... doesnt he has female frinds?
Keep this person out of ur head.
Heck yea, only girls grow up.
5 to 7 inches from what i have read.
by themselves or by 'cool' friends).
Why is it that women get so attatched and men don't give a rat's ass?
Alot of guys think the quiet innocent girls are just stuck up.
always standing there when i see back.
5 to 7 inches from what i have read.
by themselves or by 'cool' friends).
Why is it that women get so attatched and men don't give a rat's ass?
Alot of guys think the quiet innocent girls are just stuck up.
always standing there when i see back.
But that's not WHY I love them.
it depends... do you like your crushes crew?
dont know im not corey ask him
after you have arrived you are not done, much more foreplay for her!
Why should I be the best man she ever met??
If it was about what he wanted you wouldn't be dumping him, you'd be his slave...
HE'S EVERYTHING I'VE EVER WANTED IN A MAN.
they know this probably and it's why they are so shy.
Otherwise it would be okay to lie, steal and cheat, and murder and... well, you get it.
if you really like her you will tell her without worrying, if you don't how will you know otherwise?
one who love me long time
That is a load of CRAP!!
you will find the right one.
I just don't understand why they do that.
im 26 and thinking of dating a 23 year guy.
you just need more stronger feelings..and then you know when it's time
Yes he will constalle bug u hit and smile or make face at u..
hire an assasin to kill her   (jus jokin)
well, i hadn't believed that till i fell in love with a guy i'd never even seen.
try a retirement home..maybe u can get a job there u lazy shit
Think of her sense of humor, want it to be fun?
is there someone else in bed with you?
first of all....did she knew you liked him??
after I got a new P.C.
.........'I wish I did too...'  I thought to my self, and I cried.
I'm not sure if it's gonna work.
hope this helps, but you probably need practice.
If a romance dosent work out then you lose a girlfriend and a friend.
and then there is the christian bunch that get married to have sex.
Masturbate less... you'll become a Talking pro!!
But let me say this...they are NOT all like that.
If you like sex, don't get married!
not all guys are cheaters there are some that r honest out there you just have to keep looking
Forget him ave, im here for you.
this is just the quote of it.
if it is your wife, its okay.
then he still kept calling her and lying.
ok i live with my x i still have feeling for him.
HONESTY COMPASSION A GOOD EAR AND A STRONG SHOULDER TO LEAN ON
good luck and hope ur relationship works out!
rule of thumb - boys are stupid.
(yes, this is a trick question).
now and been married for 3 yrs.
guys love it when u make the 1st move
the first group works hard on the inner self
look bit--ches not all men arent honest like ho es are so i dunno y yall automatically think that
(Even if she's not dating/married, if she's with someone attached, that makes her a cheat too!)
stupid, trying to buy there love, foolish, easy, don't try it
I guess its the law of nature.. whoever you like the most never cares about you.
I met this guy on the internet and like him very much.
I have never asked out a guy but thats what I hear alot
If a girl gets too possessive, the guy will not like it.
Find someone else (who isnt a jerk)
Find a different guy you like that likes you too.
Man this i a tough one!
one question, did u tell your friend that u like that guy?if no, sorry, you're too late.
He just didnt want children and I have 2.
You just need to see them.
If others have a problem with it too bad.
i don't think that he have the same feeling!
Ok, I some profiles up on dating sites.
it would probably makes u feel real good.
I cant help but wonder...who did he kiss at midnight?
:)       and one more thing.... if you run into him regularly...always look your best just for a cheap thrill!
Quizilla.com is a pretty good place to go for fun surveys!
Wish you a very happy married life in advance
after all he thinks your really special so he can't be too stupid.
and I u r sick of her then get back at me!!
Hey boys just wondering what you like so i can show my boyfriend *hehehe*
ah, i dont know give me some advice guys.
Nice guys talk about feelings when she doesn't want to.
But I would not advice going down that same hard road.
IF YOU REALLY LIKE THIS ONE THAN GO FOR IT .
My favorite...  Can I buy you a drink or do you just want the money?
when you start seriosuly looking for one
try to become friends and speak up.
seeing as you say youre in prison, im not gonna give you my return address.
think positively... he might want to buy you a new swimsuit
apparently, he's perfect but he likes football.
There is nothing I would change about my wedding day!!
does your crush and his crew mind you hanging out with them?
its about $350, is that too much to spend on a man?
If a guy ends up going out with me, he better be prepared to share the d*mn bill!
just make sure things dont get to serious because you have plenty of time for guys.
i brought my dog there, and she had hers.
If you wanna stay and fix what every problems, then do.
u no  u gotta hav it in da summa its warm great and flowers r in business!
work with it maybe he has a panty fetish
And real freaky so we can try new sexy things:>
Take my life experience and leave him on his ass!
I hardly even notice hair colour...
do nothing there really is nothing can be done.
get a book on marriage and how to make it work and leave it somewhere obvious.
Ok, so he is calling her every day right?
DO U KNOW WHERE SHE GOT MARRIED.ITS A LEAGAL DOCUMENT AND IS OPEN 2 PUBLIC.
both of my parents are dead.
And of course you have no right to do this!!!!!!!!!
and when your not with them all you want to do is cry.
you are ok with it .
~COMING FROM SOMEONE WHO DOESN'T CHEER!
do you just want to be around him always yes good.
And of course you have no right to do this!!!!!!!!!
and when your not with them all you want to do is cry.
you are ok with it .
~COMING FROM SOMEONE WHO DOESN'T CHEER!
do you just want to be around him always yes good.
After the family reunion......I asked him if he could take me home.
so you should just ask him what he thinks about relationships in general.
im sorry that's just not right don't do it don't hurt your family like that.
ok almost all men want to try rear entry and it dont mean he is in the closet.
i donno i would like to know the same thing only in reguards to women
Yes.be a man and go 2 her first.
will give u a list of websites that can help ur search.
if any one else has a good answer to this question e-mail me at: livinlifeintheoc@yahoo.com
First just be her friend and just hang out then things will go  like they will go.
it depends on your relationship, and how long you've been married.
Yes.be a man and go 2 her first.
will give u a list of websites that can help ur search.
LOVE IS  NOT HARD ITS THE TRUST YOU GIVE TO SOMEONE THAT IS HARD TO ERASE.
there are ways to make it more comfortable.
Most of the guys I know got serious after their 24-25th B-Day!
Hi Again- I think I answered one of your other questions earlier!
Find yourself a country girl (3rd world) THAT WILL MAKE YOU FEEL LIKE A MAN!
you better have a big wallet.
Pick up the pieces and get moving.
you like violet and blue why not try periwinkle?
and you can normaly tell when you find the spot in a woman you just have to know where.
im bisexual and thats just how i am.if you wanna talk (about stuff) e-mail me!ilove_michaelperez_forever@yahoo.com
First of all You are special!
I wish he would tell me he loved me !
are you willing to risk it all
you should probaly go online or one of them chatlines
do you think havin sex with your best friend will eventually ruin the friendship or make it stronger
Its not just men...Women love sex too.
u live in the bay area?
If it's ok with her, then fine.
Its not just men...Women love sex too.
Oh, and get a nice trendy haircut.
u live in the bay area?
there is no amount it is limetless if you love her
CLUB Most Popular in your city/area ;))
I'd forgive that person(if I really LOVE her/him)
and now dont have the urge.
YES YES YES YES IT IS SIN UNLESS YOU MARRIED!
My youngest doesn't want me to even think about dating someone unless it is her.
I thought it was one kid but I asked him and it wasn't him.
i feel it is not bad.
does he be with you a lot especially when you need him?
BUT.... do NOT stay out of pity!
Better yet - why don't you sleep with her future husband!
but like i said it all depends on the couple.
it depends on the vibe of the date, i think
I don't see where you would have time for more than one.
Alot of guys start rumors to build up their ego's.
if you have a good man or woman in your life you should be happy.
I HAVE BEEN WANTING TO TELL YOU........
DON'T LET HIM FOOL YOU OR LIE TO YOU.
Just be happy for her..  :)
He said........I have a great surprise for you!
Men react as if, You GO girl!
It's just coming out that way.
When you'd really do anything for them not just have feelings (because feeling don't always last)
-how do i get somebody that will marry me: find them and propose, duh!
lol, it would be kinda silly to be looking at them and kissing them...think about it.
or if that doesn't work, you need an outsider help, like viagra...
am i not supposed to breathe?i'm neither single nor dating.
NOT ALL OF THEM BUT SOME OF THEM.
if you smile him, he smiles back to you.
It might mean that your probably gonna have to make the first move.
i have a very nice gf!
Same reason Nice Guys finish last.
So, I don't think generalization like that is good...
We are sooooooo glad to finally meet you!
if you are good friends than you can hadnle it.
I'm so confussed becuz I'm still in luv with him.
ALL ITS SAYING IS THERE SOMEONE IN YOUR LIFE THAT IS TRYING TO FORCE THERE WILL ONTO YOU.
TO ENJOY EVERY DAY WITH A PERSON YOU CAN TRUST AND CONFIDE IN THEM YOUR MOST INNER FEELINGS.
If ur not ready, dont plunge in.
she still got him before u you know.
Well realistically...I know I am though :)
She likes somebody else right now, but it's not really serious.
not unless your doing something inappropriate
*  My advice is to stop.
no, and i would never do that, unless he was like 2 or 1 year older.
think about how your heart feels then you'll know what to do.
It depends on the guy, and the girl, and what each of them is looking for (one night?
you only like to have sex from both, believe me !!
it is after all a million bucks.
sence Christians already gave thier life to Jesus its no long your choice to act on now is it??
It depends on the guy, and the girl, and what each of them is looking for (one night?
you only like to have sex from both, believe me !!
it is after all a million bucks.
sence Christians already gave thier life to Jesus its no long your choice to act on now is it??
No if, and, or, buts about it.
apart in age...me being the eldest.
you r can ask me for my picture if you like (joke)
Sexually, you probably can't beat it.
If she is 18 all bet s are off and she can have who ever she wants
I don't want to loose or screw up the friendship we have.
IT IS TO ENJOY LIFE WITH THE ONE YOU MOST LOVE.
don't be a creepy stalker either.
Sorry to say that but I never was over there so I can not answer sorry bye
IT IS TO ENJOY LIFE WITH THE ONE YOU MOST LOVE.
don't be a creepy stalker either.
if u can answer that then u'll know the answer of your own question
when you are friends with a woman .
Sorry to say that but I never was over there so I can not answer sorry bye
Dream on ladies and just love him for who he IS and not who he WAS!
one coupon for a back massage.
And if he ugly u stupid
Hell to the mother fuckin no.
and then you see them still looking and flirting and talking to other women.
you only get to be a weirdo when you feel like one.
do what all the women have done to me.
well, if there's a connection and i'm really into him, 1 date.
Remember where you heard it first!
What a moron, how desperate can you be?
Uh....well....I have not had sex as a married man.
sure ill talk to you online!!!!
most things start little, take the snowball effect.
It's not big, but it's full of love!!
I don't know and i don't get it either.
Go beat your head on a wall until you forget that crap.
and most of us fake it.
I take a Tylenol before sex and it helps me alot!
Hello .. ( I am told only ) Levitra is better then viagra !!!
i look over at him and he turns to loose eye contact.
BELIVE ME HE DOES NOT CHOOSE TO BE THIS WAY.
i understand(ps.don't tell ur age online!)
I'll slap her and give her half the money!
No, it wont make it stronger, but you wont be best friends forever either, so go ahead
But they should notice you anyway I guess
do not let that stop you.
So go do the right thing!!
i have to ask u this, does he really loved u?
what kind of guy you looking for?
NOW, Why is she the best woman I ever met??
WHEN YOU CAN' STAND TO BE AWAY FROM THEM FOR ONE MINUTE.
(maybe not that extreme,but...) You have to tell her.
think about that, just in case.
yes, you should be able to
It's funny now, but it wasn't then!
he cheats and he's still happily married.
if you love each other, then you can still save your relationship.
should i go 4 it, or walk away
because good guys get stuck in the LJBF zone...and now they are the shoulder to cry on
In other words......when In love...I share.
dude if you dont know what a G-SPOT is than you got a problem.
no, i wont hurt my mom juz bcos of damn money
if u mean 'it' as 'sex' then no i have not.
The whole thing is complicated, but worth it if he IS everything
Tell him just what kind of a hoe she really is.
And then we had a coke and ate pizza.
or have you tried a wingman?
It sounds so much like me...
well i wouldn't put up with that.
Dont need to talk but if hes watchin TV go watch tv with him.
Actually yeah I do kind a&#92;have advice.. Is it possibly your kind of shy?
Guys do not touch things that they don't like.
If he were in love with you he would have spent New Years eve with you...and only you.
i would have to say no.
coz every boy gets tempt by different things.
the question u ask depend on ur answer guys be straight forward ok
I just totally like asked him and he was like.. no way she is gross.
no im 21 and engaged to a 22 year old.
If she shows up at your house, tell her, Sorry, but we were just leaving.
imagine the boobs when the woman is in her seventies.
go party and like show him that you r having fun without him.
is it OK with you if you don't know whom is your father?
MAYBE HE THINKS HE'S DOING GREAT IN BED WHILE U R SAYING HE'S NOT.
*Maybe you should look for characteristics other than a persons appearance!
if not then talk it up
Probably never kissed a girl before.
Third, maybe she is giving you a straight answer, and it's just not the one you want.
if you want to hang around for months on end, then at least do something constructive.
if u have anymore quiries ask me
And no you are not devious!
not enough.....once a week at most
The problem is not on how u tell it...
of course you should e-mail him .
mumbling on and on about how her love had broke her heart.
if u r a girl then forget it i am a boy
walking away seems like the easiest way out sometimes.
Women are greedy, give them the both, and they will say,  It isnot working good enough, honey
i find good old friends comforting!
My man thinks that guys always like me even though i never see any clues that they might.
it is better u find out
if u love her, stay with her.
Me, i like there to be hair down there.
(Not all women are like this .
Good luck & keep the faith!
Of course girls always like to win.
THATS HOW IT STARTS OFF THEN THEY START MEETING EACH OTHER AND ONE THING LEADS TO ANOTHER.
OR you could hand him a bag of serial killer movies, especially on valentines day!
althought once i met a lady in a park.
its natural, because he is a movie star.
i got really good answers this one person told me to go talk to him .
theres nothing wrong with that if you cant get it the real way.
that would make life too easy.
But that doesn't mean it wouldn't be good enough to have a working relationship.
And great ideas on fun ways to make the alubm ( scrapbook)
It just depends--i just prefer to nto have contact with them at all.....but thats just me
u got 2 put down your cards on the table.
don't look for it, it will find you.
this really hurts when it happens.
if u love someone than u have to let them go.
but dat messed wit my feelins
what am i supposed to do?
I can't say, I don't know any but my own.
Like everyone else I think it's no excuse.
Yea I know Cindy,it's tough isn't?.
None of that stupid tell him in a note crap.
I like the junk in the trunk, so with your two choices I would pick B.
i like most guy who has a little belly,, u know why?
scream her sister's name in bed......and don't apologize.
thanks for posting your comment to my question  I hope this helps any
if you dont like it he should respect that and leave it alone!!
after you are friends then you can start to flirt with him and move towards him.
well, dont u have it tough?
and most importantly does he answer the same way about you, i sure hope so for your sake.
I think the average is:  Guys 16/17 Girls 14/15
make sure he isnt using you for sex only  make him wait.
just have fun with it and only take it for what its worth.
and drive off to her new life, married to another man.
yes you will,  just be patient and confident
i have had dreams like that.
if he tells them he is involved with you, keep him, if he plays them on, dump him
all you can do is think about them.
I am sorry but size does count...my ideal penis size should be no smaller than 6
No you are not  GO FOR IT!
And if ur scared, girl...ask urself who did it to u before.
It's like the Trill of the chase.
Do you have any idea what you would have to go through?)
Goth chicks, stoners, geeks, band campers, everyone.
If your a guy don't get somone your friends like get someone YOU like.
how about u, would u do it?
when youll know how to court...
My crazy beautiful girlfriend, of course
Hey, a few hours never killed nobody
I would love a girlfriend who loves me everyday and then some,
It's a perk that my bf has a great butt!
i know this is a bad thing but i really cant help myself.
make sure hes in the right hole
I don't believe in God, I had premarital sex, I have cheated on my wife.
(He gets whiney sometimes, but what man doesn't!!
not all asian women give into white guys.
Plus it's too far for her to travel all the time.
Well if your a girl WAIT i promise he'll come.
so when you get married your suposed to give your whole self not just yourself chewed.
there is no,real relationship atlaeast like this
there is no,real relationship atlaeast like this
:)  Suggest that you 2 go out to get something to eat or see a movie!
turn gay and love the dick youll enjoy it.
then you found out its too late...
look i noe totally how ur feeling!
tell her you want other b tches
I had true love for the both of them
and if you did sleep with him jus remeber that she prolly slept wiht him too.
trust Good listener always got your back always be there for you
As far as looks go:  A.
Even if you knew they have always been close?
depends on how serious your crush is.
It's not that Fat girls are easier to sleep with cause the want some.
Ask the girl saying some friends and I are going .
b cuz someone was there lookin in the window at ya or you got f!
go on a group date with a bunch of friends.
Don't forget alot of hugs@kisses too.
if you havent u cant blame her
He probably thought he could get something out of you by telling you he loved you!!
hey i am 12 also and i hang around guys i like all the time.
do it first and invite her along.
.why cant she just you out.
i know you can't help who you fall in love with but eww!
that is something i learned after 9 years with the wrong man.
go onto vampirefreaks.com and search up the user lil_cliner...hes a hottie and definately gay....
it is difficult now modern world how to apperciate ur self ( even by our selves !
Because you need to get a life!
Guys don't all think the same.
i will find it on my own... and make him a big surprise bout it...
Bigger than yours i suppose =))
Well, that depends on everything now doesn't it...
Look, I'm a guys guy and there are plenty more.
If the girl is 16-18 then 2-4 isn't bad.
If she is not rude, make something up to ask her, like....dont' you live down my street?
Dont look at other girls when your with her and keep telling her you love her
I'm a guy and I get very attached and I've found the woman I date don't care.
but if you really like  you should talk to him.
No.. She is not ur best friend She is ur best Rival !
Set up regular correspondence - maybe even IM dates (CAM is optional - lol!)
i feel a woman can understand u better and please u better because we know the spots
It is so hard to find guys that are  romantic anymore .
but u will fit in more if u do become a cheerleader.
first looks then brains (hey at least i didn't say BOTH!)
Tell her before things get out of hand.
yep, he's boinking her, your marrage is done
than u haf to conquer urself 1st...u nd to be more extrovert...
dont say anything..play on equal terms!
hey not all men don't give a rats ***.
bump in to her when she has something in her hands then pick it up
BEEN THERE DONE THAT BUT YOU DONT NEED TO HEAR FORGET ABOUT HIM.
LIVE IN THE NOW AND DONT WORRY ABOUT YESTERDAY OR TOMMOROW.
You know that saying they say....go with your gut?
How scarey is that if you don't realy want a comitment.
I know it's embarssing, but ask them!
its not a question of perception, it goes beyond god or the devil.
So that average goes up during those times :)
focus on other things in your life that make you happy.
ull probly end up really liking it.
Everytime I have sex with my partner, I get an erection... but once inside her, it's gone.
move on girl and stop the damn insecuries before u b by   yourself
Good luck... and tomorrow is the first day of the rest of your life, Bon Voyage!
WOULD LIKE TO BE THE SUGAR DADDY FOR A YOUNG LADY BETWEEN AGES OF 18 & 30.
when your heart tells you so
A guy I winked at at match.com.
Time for a rental movie and take out food run!
I work 6 nites a week, 10PM - 6AM EST.
but she obviously loves u so u should love her bakk all the same.
i don't think it's ok putting up with hings like that.
Wait hold up i thaught the guy was supppose to b asking that question!
So mix it up a little.
ur fiteen that is the age where you most start to get intense sexual feelings and orgasms.
Hot girls have low self-esteem .
if it makes him happy that you just be yourself, will you do that?.......
NOW I DONT KNOW HOW TO PUT MYSELF OUT THERE.
If I see a girl that I think is hot, would I jump in bed with her?
you should talk to her and let her no how you feel about this guy (you like).
Just be nice to her now, and then when she is single again, be brave and ask her out.
If he says no, then go out and find the one that you were meant to marry.
try the product if it is good you did a good job
You know what they say ...
Do not play games, just be straight up.
im 26, would it be okay?
Of course, but I ain't easy...
don't feel bad happen to me before.
do you ever come to arkansas and do you have a pic??
without a gf you have no chance.
Yeah she should kick you out, if you need a place to stay call Boys town National Hotline...Bad boy
the perfect a girl in mexico.
That's not just bad, that's atrocious.
Do what he likes, be who he likes and he will notice how much you care.
When you are in love, you know it.
show her man is the boss in the house but willing to share decsion before taking it?
Its not because guys don't care, it's because women want more.
it didnt work before y chew you cabbage twice???
Send me a line on messenger if you like.
Either stick with him or don't, that's up to you.
Everybody does do it but I guess its just women being women.
So don't give up , get out there and have some fun.
Do ya think she just wants attention.
if you dont love your signaficant other dont cheat just get a divorce.
does this make me look fat.
And God will forgive you if you make a mistake!
Don't worry about them laughing at you.
y would you want a woman to pay for dates?
As far as your love life now,keep looking,the right one is out there, but be careful!
if she is a bad lady then just dont talk to her stay away from her
I can look at girls n think that they are really pretty.
is just important as the time you give to them.
Plan something simple but fun incase she says,'Doing what.?'
it means this is how is it and this is how it's going to be.
some people find it very nice others dont want to try it again.
when u can't take it anymore thats when enough is enough
we met on line and he had apic on the site and i didn't have any made.
what do u think i should wear?
dont wait... just surprise him and do it first !
So I guess that's pretty much just us.
When someone found out about it, they were like isn't that a little too soon?
but of course, not all men.
Do what will make you happy.
Some womens like it some don't.
how do you know they are the one you need to be with.
Some women have very sensitive nipples and some don't.
Does he kiss better than your sister?
but if he goes out on dates with girls, that is a different matter.
if you like it you are gay
Guys can get the picture on this.
the thing is how do you stay in love?
yea, it's true sometimes u lose something in love.
prostitutes, man i telling you that is the way to go
just be careful on what signals that u send one another.
Ask her why an attractive girl like her is dining alone...
If no, then try asking him why.
should i dump them from bein my friends, or not?
Whatever you do, don't worry about being different: this gives you an edge on the other guys.
don't think about the motions involved, just try to make your partner horny.
Do it.........and then let us know how it goes.....k?
IT IS WRONG TO SEE YOUR FRIEND'S BOYFRIEND THAT WAY.
:)He said it back that made me very happy.
Once a cheater ALWAYS a cheater.
U could give her 6 red and 6 white...be different!
it was my first time... i dont know how many tomes he has tried it already...
when ur life flashes before ur eyes and hes not in it!
Guy or girl, that's being a friend.
If you think he's interesting say so, if you think he's funny, tell him you crack me up!
Please send me the video..thanks....send it to:  234 yankers way JO,.Oklahomo 23456
Best bet.....Ask him....if to shy to ask.... have someone else ask for you.
start by telling them about you
-try getting her something that she'll like, dont getting something to personal though.
I Love You) Little things like that help.
Funny and fun to be with.
age doesnt matter younger or older do u think he acts immature?
Does he still want me physically or is he just trying to be nice?
but i stoped liking him cuz i didnt want to hurt our relationship.
i say theres way more guys out there!!!
jumped neacked infront of him and  when he is alone that always gets my attention
THe only thing is I kind of think he is using me.
I think I might be gay so we can kinda be friends
JUST TELL HIM YOU LIKE HIM!
I dont know why .. lol  i have to pee too ( i am a guy :P )
(I was able to realise she was not at all my type)
Thats like saying, do women cheat always?
You have a chance to, but don't turn a girl down because she's ugly or something stupid.
do you even feel bad about what you did??
Im assuming that your not talking about someone that you just met.
then after all the love you have givin that person they just want something new.
communication is the first step...without it you wouldn't know how to make him happy...
im going to be a jerk and say, no
out of sight, out of mind.
look a real man..wouldnt accept a dare like that.. because he wouldn't want to test losing you..
My question is to all GIRLS out there is what you actually seek in you BF.
why is sad all the time when all it does it hert people
if you don't want to hurt her then do it as quickly as possible.
MOST PROBABLY HIS MOTHER IF THEY ARE THAT CLOSE AND HES SCARED OF HER.
(i am sure that theirare things that you boyfriend wants to do in his fanstasies)
and me and him are really close friends now.
But yea, after that, touching his penis is always an effective start
Obviously if he cared he would have called back.
I don't mean to sound like and ass.
no not all men cheat, you just seem to find the wrong guy
So they won't be called whores.
WELL IF YOU AGREE TO TRUST AND BE APART OF THEE PERSON YOU WANNA STAY WITH THEN WHY NOT!!!!!
Obviously if he cared he would have called back.
I don't mean to sound like and ass.
no not all men cheat, you just seem to find the wrong guy
So they won't be called whores.
WELL IF YOU AGREE TO TRUST AND BE APART OF THEE PERSON YOU WANNA STAY WITH THEN WHY NOT!!!!!
discuss only your baby with him.
No offense, but it sounds like one of the biggest mistakes you could ever make.
(if you dont know what im talking about, 1st base = kissing, hand holding, hug, what is it?)
hi who r u first of all.
Once a cheater always a cheater.
Cold turkey honey, like heroin or cigarettes.
Barrow some money, I'm broke as hell right now!
its not an ogasm , i read an article once, where women mistake they're orgasm with some bladder problem..
because you cant get a gf.
its cause men and women minds are wired different.
only a bad person would do this.
If you don't do any better...
i have new friends now and iam happier than i was when there was so much gossip.
Sure why not either way your gonna cause a mess.
kiss them and give them a big hug and say I love you  that should do it...
And if your parents object, tell them you really need to do this, I hope they'll understand :)
Please, please, PLEASE do not throw your life away
Well if you really have love for that one girl then you should put yourself out there.
but u won't like the ans.lol cuse thay are as veryed as breast size.
clit and penis that can be connected together
them saying you are gay sounds like sour grapes to me.
your going to have a lot disagreements.
don't know if i should give him other chance.
How about hi, my name is... And quit using this sight to help you get laid, that's just sad.
or is there another reason behind it?
yes there are its just hard to find them
well... it matters if you just how you think about it.
wow at least you know its not real normal.
do you go with who you want or whats right and how do you know the difference?
ID... check out my blog... ykalex let me know what u think.
It's your life too...Don't waste your time waiting..ask him!
One of my good friends found a really nice guy and they have been together for 5 years!
don't call yourself  ' black ' .
Naked women & men, doing sexual things.
if she flirts or says hi like alot of times then hey!!
Else, don't hang out with her.
But don't just end it without warning.
take it slow whats ur rush?
TULIPS, LILIES, DRAGON SNAPPS, THATS ALL I CAN THINK OF
Like a playstation,  or maybe some music.
so i was going to dump him but he dumped me first.
i think he liked it and i was pretty proud of myself for being so bold.
men need to be given something to persue.
Well, I don't really loose the mood, you probably do b/c you're thinking about it.
Get naked and go down on him.
do you wait to see if he says it first?
If you are not happy - get a divorce, then have sex!!
Get a real man, just don't deny him his kid.
i left college in january and also left my boyfriend.
you might need some help of family adviser
why are all the good ones either married or gay?
sexy is a very relative term....
If so, u can get lot of BF under 21 in que, waiting for u.
And if all else fails, its just one more year, babe!
at least you get to see him everyday!
What I want to know from girls is...why do you all think you're fat??!!
then enjoy the quiet cruise back to the dock.. and then it is up to you wink wink...
before i answer, is he a rich dealer??
Or just try the Secret Admirer ploy.
Chances are, he likes you too!
u can tell wen someone either likes u or is cheatin on u!!
and if u want, u may contact a psychiatrist
IF YOU LOOKIN FOR A FRIEND THATS OKAY BUT UNDER THEN THAT YOU IN THE WRONG SITE
so they just become big jerks.
My ex-wife cheated on me and I gave her a second chance.
this is brittany by the way
3 years later, we got married.
well,if women can get silicon breasts,i think u could get a silicon member
and well me and my mate are lookin for some fittys
multiply urself into two... that may help...
there is no good or bad in general.
go into his face say i like you
Will you go to hell for remarrying?
multiply urself into two... that may help...
there is no good or bad in general.
go into his face say i like you
Will you go to hell for remarrying?
in hard situations which u feel ur self have the ability to do something better than her
Eyes Closed Eyes Open Hard Kisser Public kisser Tongue kisser Everybody kisser
u can acquire it by practice
pretend u r playing your boyf with a boy who is your friend
I DON'T SHARE MY MAN WITH ANYONE.
Well, first, girls dont normally ask guys to dance.
Then move up to the big stuff.
spend time not just sucking them like a crazed animal but caressing them and the like.
Start farting around him....and stop shaving
I guess women just don't talk about things like that.
see i am in love with my boyfriend and he has been acting funny the past couple days.
Just be happy how it is.. im a female by the way.
wow, i went through this myself.
CHEATING REQUIRES PHYSICAL CONTACT IF HE'S JUST CAMMIN, IT'S SELF GRATIFICATION .
if your in2 som1 and theerre in2 u then yes
Some girls think they're fat because other people have the audacity to tell them that.
if a girl said it say are you sure because we can talk about it.
To be my height(5'9) and weight(185)I really don't think i'm fat i thick!
what is it about married men that ladies cant semto resist
Having a guy go hot and cold on you is no fun.
Who wants date with him,you or your sister
You should dump him or cheat on and lie to him!
This is not true, nowadays girls are doing this to men.
It depends on how much she loves him
Ask if he has a girlfriend.
Just the first thing that came to mind.
u must not be ready sweetie.
I think its not even possible
just imagine how much worse their life would be, if it was behind bars.
my neighbour,Josh is like 999yrs old.
yes you should ask him it is 2006 just ask shorty one love rio
i think i should be any one girlfreind i just asking because my boyfriend is black and hot
FIrst, stop sleeping with the guy.
Do u really wanna ruin ur life so soon?????????
when he changes his surname to bundy....and visits chainsaw selling shops...
then u should go, unless there is changes.
DO IT, even if you are sick, and able to move.
i f he cant give you competent answers dont even waist your time, keep it pushing.
Please just forget about this guy.
Um yea have you ever in your life even heard the word sex????????
A lot of girls like white roses - makes it a little different from the usual red roses.
Now ask your self, Am I?
Should I just flat out aks her if she thinks we could start dating again??
He or she hates it when you act happy like it ain't no big deal!
girl he is sssssssssssssssssooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo fine gurL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I'm kinda having the same problem.
Don't mess with a good thing.
it was really hard for me to break up with my boyfriend but he accpeted it.
show him that your a strong enough person that you don't need his attention.
And you don't do it in public.
Someone told him negative things about u.
But don't lose hope.......you get 9 tries at this.
I did that for my mom 50th b-day.
Then if she is interested go solo on occasion.
dont try and talk about something' whats with girls today?
I'll leave him if you want to get married and he don't there some sexy men out there
Once, then it could have been a mistake.
If you don't know what you're doing it is.
because ur not looking in the right places....
and nothing ever happend with us or between them!
But hey don't let that stuff get you down because theres a girl out there that you'll find....
But cheating isnt the way to go.
thats how i feel and he does too.
No, Josh thinks girls have cooties so he won't kiss you.
it depends on how long you want to wait, or waste your time.
then tell those other people theyre gay and that u love him
You go girl... Let me hear you ROAR!
i have been participating in cultural interaction and now i want it in my marriage.
na it isnt bad when i was 13 i was doin the damn thing
Should I tell her next time she asks or just keep dodging her?
Take ur time don't whore yourself into anything
Im there for evrything he will tell me everything no matter what.
Tell him and then have sex with her.
u haf...it's jus that u nv realise...
Why Do Men Or Guys Always Want Sex 24/7 ?
but very well adapted to excersise and dream up ways to keep going also.
Don't worry, just take it easy.
would you straight up tell her that you like the appearence of another female?
Girls like guys who are bad or a challenge.
You are confident enough to ask strangers for advice, it shouldn't be a problem...
grow up and maybe at a later date, he MIGHT notice you again
friends you have for a life time.
When I did, he wanted me to sit on his lap...
hey bro if it didnt meen nothing then when ever the time comes.
Some girls really like shy guys, or the strong silent type.
Some women like big, burly guys, while others like 'em long & lean.
If he totally hates me, then how do I deal?
no way, trust is all you have
but if the reason you dont have sex is her illness, that would be bad
Sorry honey, but that IS life!
Like I said I would need more info.
Not a boy who wets his bed.
I dont think it makes you lesbian.
No I dont think it is.
makes it a little more comfortable and go from there
body sprays you can use thru out the day.
yes, age has nothing to do with love, and 37 is not old
the only thing i can tell you is to persevere and you will get there
if hes your first bf, accept the fact that you will make mistakes and he probably will too.
sory dude couldnt b bothered to read the riting
boys that is intelligant and loving
cuz im not jealous and I dont get all weird.
Hope you found someone to replace her with thats not so boring!
I mean seems like you got a lil' money.
look at me and you will tell im the best...jk They will come to you..just dont worry
if he's legal and willing; go for it girl!
come on perv get an life
HE IS WHAT ARE YOU BLIND.
My life after about 12 and on has been pretty good.
you also have to let your wants be known
cuz its like e-mails and such only with messages and comments
just do it and tell him to smell your fingers and guess what it is!
I wouldn't take him back there would be a huge trust issue!
I have told guys that I wanted to kiss him.
there are gurlie's like that too i know life's tough
or better yet: why don`t U kiss him!
when the drugs are gone, obviously... time to find some other poor sucker you can mooch off of...
i don't know what to do.
maybe you're just really hot and he cant keep his hands off you
probably he likes you or hes crazy
There are guys out there who are waiting...
if u love ur friend, u should talk to her.
have u got a phone book
OH YEAH YOU SHOULD BE WORRIED.
^_^ i also agree w/ dede!!!!
no who is he cheating with yahoo or googles
i was happy and wanted more but its your opinon
or she could be doing it for attention
haha no um are you sure u don't know...look it up
plaese help me :(     so whos wrong?
no who is he cheating with yahoo or googles
i was happy and wanted more but its your opinon
or she could be doing it for attention
haha no um are you sure u don't know...look it up
I mean, it's just something that you made yourself believe in and now your mind reacts like that.
a lover scorned is like no other hell.
THAT kind of freaky is just....wrong!
People can't sugar coat things all the time ya know.
depends on the age group actually!
why wait till 5, you got a kid, and that's the prodding he should really need.
tell him that you love women..
In relationship, showing how much they like a female?
The most important advice I ever got about marriage was that you should always make love!
if you have sex with another person, then no.
-- i am really sorry my answer is so long, but i hope it helps - - -
I keep telling you guys that Johnny Depp wants me.
dont worry about it a wife will always disagree
lol no way should you do something like that.
after youre married read the bible but if not then hotel room is nice
what happened next?what did your partner say or do?
always keep in touch...then once in while both of you must go out...:)
Good Luck, make it work a good man is worth keeping, they are so hard to find.
But you only need one month hehe!
yo mamma prefers me and i have long hair
or is it that you just treated her like shit???
Some guys still think they can date young woman.
i want it to be perfect the first time.
Is he going to marry her???
it's something i will never do again and i don't think you should ever do.
Guys are always thinking about sex.
to me this sounds like the saddest thing ever.
And watch how she interacts with other people too!~
HE'S NOT READY TO BE IN A GOOD RELATIONSHIP.
as long as u dont look like burt from sesame str.
what is seriously wrong with guys?
nope you can still be friends if you two still get along.
i've had 3 relationships at work and i think it is up to the couple.
1 would you rather go out with him and have your friend feel hurt?
thats cos your a sad loser and should find a woman for real not online!
it's already been answered so many times...
THIS MEANZ THE 19 THE AGE..WHEN U ENTER IN LOVE ....THIS IS THE STARTING AGE OF LOVE =))
he said we could go to vegas
No I'm not  Go to ur nearist Club
u can try sideways and see if it's best ;)
Who are these losers to tell you who you can and can't be friends with?
Don't go hooking up with just anyone beacuse your not with him, you have a baby now.
coz we're scared of embarrassing ourselves....
Also one day they are with you then the next they are with your best friend?!?
It just might do her some good!
its about where does he come back.
Best not to go on record at all.
try to see the 'guy' in the girl.
Im pretty sure he has feelings for you.
i think askin her this question will clear up everythin ..
It's simple really...we don't like saggy, droopy, wrinkly, dried-up haggy-baggies!
Tell him there are guys who are MARRIED that have'nt had ANY SINCE AUGUST   BASICALLY TWICE A YEAR!!
no because you'll burn in hell
**If U can, PLS READ my other Questions
Guys always want what they can't have.
When you meet that special one..you're gonna know it and he will too!
so call down and go for it!
one question why ya broke up
hi im bi to but mostly go out with guys email me sometime
i got divorced in nov05 after 5 years.
get the markers out and draw on eachothers arms and stuff like fake tattooes lol
niether...if you have to ask a bunch of people who u dont know then niether
YES BUT ALOS HAVE TO HAVE IT IN YOUR SOUL
I'm assuming ur a girl because of ur picture.
when your only 13 but hopefully that helps.
so u have still the chance to find someone.
There will always be cuter guys that the one your with.
At night school while earning your GED.
I think we are all ok though.....as of today no men have had a baby
do you wanna keep your bestfriend or bang this chick?
there are a lot of independent moms out there.
Talk to him and quit being a pussy.
Yo this is princess the finest chick in trenton!!!
coz Asian women have small vagina!!!
tell her she is screwin up.
i know that most people are scared of finding that true love, and what finding that person means.
I think about how amazing that would be.
for your case i think that its probably just a crush.
ask her out and by a ring
this would lead me to belive that he either has a girl or he doesnt like you back.
just try not to orgazim so quickly just smooth and sensshual
Why else girl keep asking .
and who knows maybe she's thinking the same thing an is having the same problem.
So in theory you need to remarry so you can ...live with someone .... have sex with someone...
or she just is not willing to control her usage of words n sentences.
i dont like superstars, so i wont marry one..
Just tell him that you thought it would be cool to go with him.
27 is the best for me...
it will pay off in the long run.
What if the department head needs security for something????
My husband is Jewish and I am not!
Ask your self why you always take her back?
i think it might help you.
ask yourself do you like her or her body?
If not, then you should break up.
For a more traditional meal I have one:  1.
i am agree with good answer of yoyohill.
Youve dated some bad bad seeds.
i hardly everrr see him in school either usually i see hima t my brothers basketball games .
don't be to nervous just be your self and you'll do just fine.
if a guy said it leave him alone.
Dont go out with him .
FIRST A LITTLE ADVICE: LOVE UrSELF, U CAN'T LOVE SOMEONE ELSE IF U DON'T LOVE UrSELF.
But until then, do not sleep with him.
Most of all, listen to your Mom.
because that is your main focus.
ofcourse u still have fellings for her u just broke up donw worrie they will go back to normal
ASK him whats up in a joking kind of way.
total submissive  to your boy friend so you can win his heart
don't you look at handsome men when you are with him?
and fast.. hes not worth it, since you arent together anymore.. you hate him, now stop thinking about him
advice don't tell your friends your business.
wut do u think is an appropiate age to lose ur virginity..w/out it being too young?.......
You will NEVER get away from her.. she is his/her mother!
Just forget all he has done.
20 women stores and accessories, etc...1 or 2 guy stores.
- then she's just naive and it's just a crush.
it also means that u might be with that person for a very long time?
Maybe go get coffee and then take a walk afterwards.
hey kelsie yeah thanks for the answer, i think i'll do that.
at least be honest with her.
meet after dinner time at clubs with no cover.
you are tlaking to the wrong guys
LOL.... well, i dont like it... but one of my friends loves it.
If he is still in training, WAIT UNTIL HE GRADUATES!
if ur thinking about the person day/night and if u bug(like seeing) them too much.
you just have to find a good girl
get as fat as you can so he cant see beyond your fat body.
They get too groos in there.
or they can be a famous star.
I DO NOT THINK YOU KNOW WHAT LOVE IS.
well those people arnt just guys!
well its depend on situation,but girls don't break heart if he is rite.
well i say that if he is cute go wit him girl try somethin new its that easy
dont know but when you find out let me know.
If you break up with someone and think about them still six months later?
Find someone your own age...don't you think?
I hope you get what i mean.
But if you want that to change just be a little ubersexual
Doing it now will help both of you heal and move on.
I feel like she's trying to take my man.
IF YOU WANT TO MAKE HER FEEL GOOD, HELP HER GET BACK ON HER FEET.
I do laundry I do dishes I vaccumm.
honestly you have to go by his actions.
Now My old best friend is occusing the girl of sleeping with her ex.
like get 2 kno him & try 2 find out some things in common
I stink, help me to not stink.
talk to him about his jealousy.
Don't believe this guy for an instant.
Just leave a message asking him to get back to you.
your kids will know that mamma isn't happy and that'll make them unhappy.
How do i convince him we're not gonna be together anymore?
the right one will come when you're not looking so hard!
he will obey(cherish) you if he really love you
whats in it for men, nothing!
It's to bad that they are raisedlike this.
first how long you been going out???
do you think the relationship is worth one more try?
Otherwise, he might be hurt if u don't go with him.
And if he does should I say anything to him?
its do they tell the true do they lie to you
About the kiss thing I really don't know that is something a girl could say first!
Then the baby is ready to come out.
hey don't give up hope though u'll find her one day!
Just be yourself and don't try to impress them.
She is just a selfish girl.
but i really wanna know why she's still part of me.
You should not do this in front of her!
So I hope my advice helps.
Move on, they are not worth it!
because its no ones business but their own!
While u still have bus fare.
You should pick up a sack, some Phillies, and have some fun.
You have the audacity to ask should you stay or go...you cheated on him!
one that is the opposite of my ex.
No No No .... Love is all around us.
and would you mind having a threesome you your boyfriend and me
no your stupid you think republicans are better they SUCK!
But yeah dude that was dirty getting her kids took.
and I touch um every chance I get.
And at a very unusual time in my life too.
!that will always cheer you up...
there isn't a too long, u just have to do it when u feel ur ready
Have sex with her and ask how she feels.
Guys buy us stuff and it is so great to be pretty.
there are so many out there.. Good luck with your search!
my wife is no loner interested
Women don't like liars, they like politicans.
but i found out he was cheating on me and I knew it had to stop.
Best birthday present would be her with nothing on but a bow...   ;)
o so ur family is w/ a maniac.
So find someone that will return your love!!!!!
i have seen the love of my life.
You don't have to call and go off.
If he did he'd have called.
But if you mean just sex then I guess appearance.
He is my bestfriend I love him!!
You don't have to call and go off.
It's nothing but boring old vanilla ice cream for you baby.
If he did he'd have called.
But if you mean just sex then I guess appearance.
He is my bestfriend I love him!!
you owe it to him and you owe it to yourself as well.
either that or they're just too smart to deal with the drama!
no it doesnt mean that ur bi.
we dont need anymore young parents around here, we got enough of um.
We have a baby boy together.
How can I get her back?
Think to your self is this fun thing worth loosing the one you love?
keep ua man on the run by being attractive.
they have to be on this website.
little sex often leads to cheating.
These are not things that should be just turned on and off IMO.
If yes then You are :) that's waht i would say.
ask him quizes about his fommer gf
If you just send him an email, then that means ur scared.
Why not just ask him if he would be interested in having lunch with you.
That's my advice to you, Good Luck!!
u cant be sure unless you ask but look 4 all of then signs
And, at 13, sex isn't that great anyway.
i spoke to the mum a few days ago and that's when she told me all that stuff.
he dosen't deserve you find someone who does.
no i wouldnt say to do that.
the book of techniques in bed to make both of you feel very good
Nonchalantly just ask her, hey you want to hang out this weekend?
Did I ruin things by sleeping w/ him too soon?
if you consider masturbating cheating, then yes.
;-) Can't wait for the summer...
do you see him very often
and soft kisses on the back works too.
Go with the one whom you love provided 'the one'(u havent mentioned wether it's a she/he) loves u too.
Im not sure what to do   SHould I tell him ?
search kama sutra on google ....
He's a great guy and Im sure that theres more out there somewhere.
Long....long hair is so sexy when it's got the right style.
At least he didn't beat you like mine did.
u might feel queesy and tingly..tat's how i felt
Because the gov is srewed up.
1st, you talked all about you.
Unless you hang out all the time and are best buds, then she might love you...
In other words Boys ask girls out not the other way around.
sometimes its better to just be friends
I lost my virginity at 17 and then it opened the flood gates...hahhahaha.
SEX AND MORE SEX AND MORE SEX AND MORE SEX.
hey girl i think your nice would yu pls email me juanchubaca7@yahoo.com
you can not make them not cheat.
If you are scared....you are not supposed to be having it!!
Some guys are just weird and confusing cause they choose to be
kids,computer,playstation and tv comes first,whats left I get
What you see is what you get.
if you are into pain...go for it!
First...a boy is not a guy and a guy is not a man.
young men are looking around...and women are just mirrors.
don't let this guy use you again avoid him at all cost and forget about him!
I need to write a good Best man speach.
Ahhhh, I'm a parent.....what don't I feel guilty about??
If you're not, and you love her, then you should just let her go.
get your mom some bubble bath!
Way to go, now you just need to stick wth it .
I'm gonna try my own advice.
?.....unaware that you feel the way you do.
Get out there and hang out, listen to conversations, watch people interact.
either he likes u or ure fat,ugly,or mean
It all depends on the season of the wedding  : )   Good luck
again be late so she already has a drink.
but u'll find true love for sure.
its entirely possible that he is too shy to tell you.
Integrity should be screaming at you at this stage.... DON'T DO IT!!
Then you would end up making things look even worse!
women talk in code and men talk in direct language
remember there are people out there who are single and doing all in their power to look attractive.
good luck and make sure you don't choose a club with knots
HE IS USING YOU BUT YOU HAVE TO STOP IT TELL HIM AND JUST DON'T MAKE YOURSELF TOO AVAILABLE.
so no doubt we cant forget them at all.
THis isnt a answer but thanks for the tip on my question!!!!!
dont do this never think about this give real love to your wife .
but we went out for a while before i loved him.
Good Luck, and remeber what I said, shur, he's your first but Not your last!
you only want to last long with sex no wonder he/she don't want you anymore!
longer man not too long, shaggy like oooo somethin to run my fingers through
When you least expect it...relax and have fun!
Someone out there who will understand your pain and say OK, do it..
You just have to ask him!
if you really love this guy you are just going to have to put up with it.
he raelly likes you or he just wants to get some
The worst that can happen is he'll say no...and he just might surprise you!
Talk about n e thin u like, as long as it has nuthin 2 do with his ex girlfriends.
You should ask him out on a date!!!
giving my life to jesus christ, and speaking in toungues for the first time
Okay, so I like this guy, like, a lot.
how can i make friends with a person that i had a relationship with ?
Dont look at it as in what you lost, but what you have to gain!!
just dont bother them remeber all important dates
1. if she likes to be with you.
well if your cousin is romantically interested back off.
Ask him if he likes you.
So now your asking for the car back.
A freak that looks, and acts like a good girl.
Get freaky, and dont be boring...
yeah, why dont u propose to him give it a chance?
he wants to work things out with me, but he is a cheater.
i am sorry but he should not have took the dare that was a stupid move.
We are taught from a young age to not be emotional (Big boys don't cry, etc.)
So, just talk to him and be friends.
i risked my heart with a man who cheated on me.
Shaggy...it's so fun to make it all messy!
They get mad if they gain a pound!
But if she doesn't, ASK HER!!
But be aware that if u wanna be more than friends, u can ruin the whole being friends part.
No, there are so many really good guys out there that would treat you right, you deserve better
girls are drawn to guys that are jerks this just perpetuates the behavior.
Maybe she has reasons, ask her!
You cant be sure if she likes you unless you ask.
If he wants to marry her just be happy that he has met some one who makes him happy!
just readin ur question makes me hot
how old is to old that is the question?
cause girls are girls and we are picky
1. she will flute with u 2. she will tell u (hopefuly after u ask her )
If she is ready then theres nothing wrong in having sex with her.
Clitoris...it will feel AMAZING for her and will be fun for you to play with too.
it wont beeasy if u do find it.
a cuckold is a husband whos wife is cheating on him
brazil has my vote, Sao Palo very steamy year round
I think so, 'cause I'm the same way.
BBW or a large girl or woman doesn't mean that their not healthy.
At least I think she does.
he likes u or hes just crazy and anooying or a stalker
p's if u want 2 ans dis question add ur phone no or ur e-mail address
Still you need to tell her that his your man not yours.
cuddling is always fun... but I guess that might be sexual stuff.
WHERE YOU LEAST EXPECT HIM TO BE.
I dont kno if he likes u but u should talk 2 him cause he might be shy.
yes be optimistic as i am
girl on her back, guy on his knees.
Once trust is gone, no matter how much you forgive you will never forget.
maybe he shy so try it.
hang out with your freind  but stay with b/f and see what happens
grab her back side kiss her
i need help on this one man!
you may find that without the pressure you want her even more than you ever had .
maybe she doesn't like you so why bother??
You sound like a nice guy 'thickchix'.. you'll do just fine.
If all else fails, laughter always works and friends help too.
I have a friend who just moved to Arkansas from here in Oregon who is interested in internet dating.
dont have a name like wanna be a playboy its just my guess man  but that might help
I Love You Hunnie Loads and Loads
avoid perfume and things like that.
tickets to his favorite sports event.
I like the saying   If it's to be It's up to me!
the more sexy a girl dresses the more she turns on a man
hey, that is my favorite too !
maybe u r looking for other love.
maybe he has problems or something.
do it that is what mine did to me, it is funny.
And to all who reads this SCORPIO'S RULE!!
Yeah cause that makes it special and you will remember it!
(( you don't make sense I won't make sense)
be the bigger person and just ingore it
LOL, I am fat...so I'll give you a great answer.
In short, if she thinks she looks good, she'll feel good!
Do nothing and keep you mouth shut.
if your scared don't do it
If you like him and enjoy hanging out with him then talk with him and hang out.
so just chalk this one up as a learning experance, and go on and enjoy life.
I think it is quite cute.........McDonalds is a relaxing place where you can hang out and have fun!
But even if you explore your options... it still doesn't mean you're Bi.
8th grade is too young to date, baby!
cant nobody help u have sex.
what does the new girl think of her?
so what you call a good kisser and might not be what i like.
why don't you kiss him first  and stop waiting on him.
what does the new girl think of her?
Go ahead, just go up and ask, maybe just go as friends.. Good Luck ;)
so what you call a good kisser and might not be what i like.
why don't you kiss him first  and stop waiting on him.
i was kinda let down cuz it wasnt wut i expected, but the next time was much, mucn better
why not go out with one of those other 50 ppl?
there are plenty of horny men out there on the net.
my wife is beautiful, kind and smart.......
ITS BETTER THAN YOU HEARD, IF YOUR DOING IT RIGHT.
Under no circumstances do you EVER allow things to shift the other way......ever!
But if one or both of you still cannot get over, don't be friends.
alot of girls judge and look at other girls.
To all the guys out there: GROW UP!!!!!!!
Everyone is right - you can't mess up.
Hes happy with her but then again hes not.
Slowly start to flirt with him and if he flirts back..then you know he likes you.
dont think it is quite normal.
i do believe that they are ALWAYS there, not only these days
we both work hard and earn good money.
Most guys that are obsessed, are the main ones to stalk you.
well lets just say sometimes i feel no love from him!
if she's just trying to be all kool she's not.
If you cant you'll never get over it.
dont seek revenge and forget about him and move on.
I cant believe your asking that question you sick-O he he just playin>;-)
Do people ever get over it or do they just learn to deal with it?
You see the girl of my dreams is Tank Girl.
Now she wants to kick me out.
hmm.. i think he still wants you physically..
just act like you want to be friends with the guy.
I do wish you luck........I know it is hard!
You should ask questions like whats going on and why hes acting funny..
that's what makes this country so great...we get to have that!!!
but don't mind them all cause when u fall in love.
is he taking the whole lying thing too far or am i?
NOW IT WOULD BE GOOD FOR YOU TO LEAVE HIM ALONE.
Ok this question is just too good to pass up.
if not, then tell me and i'll be glad to take it from here!
people fall in love because some people are beyond just liking.
how u gone ask some people u dont even know?
(My bf does that sometimes too.
It's not that bad if you already tried it anally.
just ask him what's wrong, delaying this issue won't work.
THAT IS THE STUPIDEST QUESTION I HAVE EVER HEARD!!!
i found out through his mother.
never know til you find out
I also like guys with big soft lips.
You need to dump his ass.
Ok, so i got this crush on a best friend of mine and he knows.
men lie because they think its right to try to protect u from the truth by trying to lie
If the freindship is real he wont get hurted
So:Say what you think before it's to late!
TO DREAM A DREAM, IS ONLY A DREAM, BUT TO DREAM OF THE ONE YOU LOVE IS REALITY!
There is no answer except for this:  ONLY TIME WILL TELL.
I AGREE WITH   MN_SASSYGIRL    PLUS AN  EXOTIC LONG HONEY MOON AFTER THAT(HAY DIOS MIO)
He's in jail now because of this guy I am friends with.
it said ask any question...I wanted to see what would happen
find something else to do , occupied ur mind with something else.
they are both very samrt and mature if that helps any...
you need to stay away from that guy
You have to believe it to, so get out there, watch, listen, and then talk!
because people just love talking about sex
That guy is so handsome, he must be gay.
Maybe next time though, dont always give too much hope on a guy.
But that is the way it goes.
ask him if he will pray with you for guidance.
Are u asking guys or girls
maybe u should use stronger deodorant.
why do you call yourself ' black ' ?
No, your just not doing it right if you think that..
it wont hurt infact ull feel much better(trust me on this)
i really like him, and i know he likes me, but how do i get things started?
they're just telling u what they think of ur bf...
If she likes you too, then...  What more could you ask for?
its really hard when u want to know what happened.
Ur ex: Does this dress look fat on me?
call her say I LOVE YOU
love is joy, obsession is where the pain comes in.
16 minimum; preferrably when you are 18.
(not that many explamantion points though)
Give him a hard time too while your at it.
dont be her friend she will just stab you in back.
well 'NO' if she asks she is not a nice girl
still can't figure it out myself.
MY OPINION....you did kinda put yourself out there.
a viberator is a dil do.
it is wat it is means drop watever u were talking about
Unless she is a millionaire dont just hang on.
there's lots of stuff you can do.
i only like him as a friend,                                                                 English!
be nice he is confused himself what to do
NOW Ur ANSWER:JUST LET IT HAPPEN DON'T TRY TOO HARD B/C U'RE GOING TO FAIL
I feel I'm ready to start meeting people again but have to confess that I'M SCARED!
Of course I was cheap and only took her out to IHOP once.
the second was actually one of my managers, which worked for a while (nobody knew).
u have a chance cause she misses u
great question...you make me blink and think.
boys dont ever know what they are talking about.
or should i date someone older?
once you get invoved it automatically goes both ways.
I hate hair that is tooo short.
Do you know what your best friend feels about this?
(I tell guys that I like them, it's really simple!)
got a divorce because of it.
if u had legitement reasons why u lied, u should explain to him why.
It definitly has to be Face to Face.
The person YR looking for is not me.
if you are that daring, then go for it.
AS SOON AS U FIND OUT THAT THE  PERSON IS USING DRUGS.
I guess it would be wrong to ask you to send video of what you've been doing?
men like for u to chase them...see what happens when u stop calling him
And then they had a small buffet, even though there were over 250 guests!
You are looking for a fix me up guy.
If I like my girl I would never do act that way.
i mean the matter is does it make you happy or not>?
should i just start being mean or something?
i need a wife to be with.
email me and I will show you pics
Guys that smell like armpits and patchouli!
... it's EXPERIENCE and WHOLE life!!
watch how you carry yourself around.
I mean he cute but my friends call him monkeyboy.
Personally I like to woo hoo!
of course... go with the one who loves me....
I am in my late 20's with no kids.
no, if you break up it will be a mess
It sounds corny, but girls love it and it's a whole lot of fun.
wtf do you think you're gonna do if you get pregnant before you even reach high school?
!other than bein controled by someone.
My advice to you...stop sleeping with him and move on.
Much less be married or have kids with one?
You can't help who you fall in love with, can you???
maybe you should learn to spell women.
I say hey sometimes or just let him stare.But is he just too young to understand how I feel?
dont try to start out with saying you like him.
show him why he should like you then let him ask you out.
You were wrong and I hope you go to jail.
They can pick up on that stuff.
She may be hurt, but she'll respect you enough that you told her (at least I would think so!)
no, it shouldn't do that unless you actually go into the site.
probably he's afraid that you might say no.
It's different and OH MY GOD!!!!
If usay they fat and there's a size 5-6 then they get mad.
Hope you figure out what his up to.
Something like What the hell are you thinking?
I don't know, maybe you should go ask your mom that question?
umm no friends have their opinoins but you dont have to take them.
he will kiss you if you give him the chance, or you might have to kiss him first
try meeting them there and be late.
That's what a big man would do
Dang, dude, you are WAY to young!
**WHATEVER YOU DO DON'T PURSUE HIM!!
see i love my boyfriend very much.
say no,,, freindship means so much than sex dude
Sue the pants right off of both.
i want to sleep with this guy i have been seeing for 1 month, he is so hot.
try match.com u could always have a profile on many of them to increase ur chances
i would much rather be with a person who is complete then looking for me to complete them!
okay just give me your eamil add..  i will tell you about her.. ot email me at  confusedmemore@yahoo.com
your next door neighbor only if she is over 22, unmarried.
i'm talking about researching about apartments, good jobs, and a nearby school, etc.
THE DAMAGE HAS BEEN DONE, AND APOLOGIZING WON'T HELP HER SITUATION.
yes u should get it i got mine today.
Just don't lie, what ever you do.
When we first got together she tried to get him back but it didnt work
she needs someone to lean on not kiss on.
i think i may know you.
- if he 'hates' you then why would you want him to like you anyways?
I act too much like one of the guys, joking or whatever, and I'm just not girlfriend material.
Eventually she'll see that you really do care about her and she'll come around!
Or just leave things the way they are and call it good.
boys- how long do you want a gurl to wait to say she loves you?would you say it first?
Either that or his pretty blue eyes *wink*
try to chat with her on the topic of herself onlf.
all you have to do is be cool and trie not to studder or something like that
Then maybe you should breakup with her and get with me
tell me about yourself if you are looking for a freind
Look in the phone book of norwalk, for ernie anguino .
just think if sombody touches ur wife wold u like.
after 8 years... what is his problem?
Then maybe you should breakup with her and get with me
Look in the phone book of norwalk, for ernie anguino .
just think if sombody touches ur wife wold u like.
after 8 years... what is his problem?
Good luck, it's not easy, I know.
I really think you guys need to get in to family therapy right away!
don't keep bugging her - girls hate it so much!
try to understand that unless you make a stupid thing they won't laugh at you.
How can I overcome this friends!!
<33 if u feel this way then maybe ur fallin in luv!
Some guys just don't know HOW LUCKY THEY HAVE IT !!
be a gentalmen all girl's love that.
because it sounds like either a trap, or the beginning of a fight.
yes, but they're extremely hard to find.
If it seems that shes doing something snicky that probably means shes with him.
Oh i would so love to be your friend!
Please, I really like this guy, help me!
its his job to make your life hell.
good things come to thows who wait...besides hes problably waiting for a speacial moment
if you do make sure you keep reciepts of the stuff which is yours!
Go somewhere you'd have fun anyways.
And laugh and see what he says.
waiting for something miraculous to happen isnt going to make it better.
you should tell her that hes pissin u off.
If he's not ready he's not ready.
If you love him than who cares if he's purple.
you are so right about the GOD thing
MY BROTHER IS OLDER BUT HE STAYS FOR HIS GAMES
no i urinate when i urinate.
Ya go the car back so your not totaly finanicaly ruined.
Yes I do and I am one of them
why do people think that other peopl will make them whole.
IT'LL BE MORE LIKE POORING SALT OVER A OPEN WOUND.
or are you just doing it for the heck of it?
take me with and ill have it with you
i too have found that many people don't believe in true love.
), play catch at the park, etc.
Even if she argues back...just stick to your first responce!
You shouldn't have a hard time getting somebody else if you doing it big like that.
but if things don't get to well, don't worry.
look both ways and then look up.
i dunno, do they have it there or u'r inviting?
im 10 am i to young for my first kiss?
He may be to afraid to try!
If I was your wife (thank God im not) I would leave you!!!!
There maybe an under lieing problem.
Its like trying to make a herion addict stop shooting up.
he has been talking to his ex wife a lot and i dont know whats up with him.
because coyness is sometimes appealing, and talk sometimes unnecessary, for both men and women
Oh, and if you can remember anniverseries, birthdays, etc.
If not, then kick both of them to the curb.
swift kick you know where, or just flat out embarress him
because he's weird and he can't control his impulses
She wont ever cheat on anyone again.
wait untill the answering machine clicks to hang up?
But Don't Be COMPLETELY Slutty (No Offense)!
even if he looks at girlie mags or watches porn.
gET AS MUCH FOR YOUR MONEY THAT YOU CAN AND GOOOO FOR IT.
You have the rest of your life...whatever you do, don't sneak behind your mom's back.
EVERYONE does it and if they say they don't, then they lie.
a guy that i am dating once told me this, what does he mean?
show to him that you like another guy !
Most men ask her thing they dont want like a relationship and some lie to get what they want.
Find at least 10 girls you'd be interested in.
flirt for a while, then ask him out
His or her mother did not have too, he or she  did.
DON'T FORGET HE IS YOUR FRIEND'S BOYFRIEND.
The only reason for a guy to become best friends with a girl, is cuz he likes her.
Meanwhile go out and have fun.
if its too many then spare him.
IN ORDER TO FRENCH KISS SOMEONE YOU HAVE TO USE TONGUE.
follow her and tell her how u feel...
Don't wait.....what if he goes with someone else!
you should wait a while then sit down and talk about it.
IF U GET UR BUTT OFF THE COMPUTER AND TRY 2 FIND SUM1 U MIGHT!
I'm attractive and fun but I just can't seem to get a guy.
thats nasty but just say its over
Myself, I'd rather my girlfriends did *not* think my guy was the cutest one out there.
if they really want me they need to prove themselves worthy.
4get him gurl i mean there 's tons of guy's out there!
u should move on but still keep n i out(u nevr kno).
Is it a guy or girl?
i think it is till you get matured on the stuff
don't neglect yourself because you are married.
If that doesn't work, something's definitely wrong.
maybe because they think they are too good for anyone!
id think just sit on his lap and make him laugh and make him think about sex
we`re not in the middle ages, the guy doesn`t have to make the first move!
I really REALLY wish I could have waited until marriage actually.
Guys love being told they are liked.
my husband when he gets home from work
maybe you should try to keep all three people in mind.
forget his age, immagine him as the best..
Good luck Sweety, Tina, Houston, Texas
who will let me stick my tounge down thier throats.
She is carrying a lot of baggage you ain't gonna get on the train.
If your scared, you shouldn't be having sex in the first place...
Stick to your guns and best of luck!
You know what I'm talkin' about.
thats ok ill take the 2 points and run
and aways get us a gushy card and gift that's great, too.
At least that's what it seems like.
i find it difficult to confess.
Well...if you love him, and he loves you.
There's this guy I like ALOT and I just found out that he knows.
Try Gerber Daisies they came in just about every color and size you could ever want.
I don't care what these other people said.
he slept with 2 of my friends, and is not a resposible guy.
u dont have to make a choice right now.
It just ain't going to happen.
YOU WENT THROUGH SUCH EXTREME TO GET THIS WOMAN BACK THAT YOU HURT INNOCENT PEOPLE.
Needless to say, I had VERY happy feet!
Do you know what I say .
To me skinner girls are hotter.
MY BEST EXPERIENCES IS TURNING MY LIFE OVER TO JESUS CHRIST THAT WAS THE BEST EXPERIENCES
If she is a nice & carring person isn't that enough!
I'm not for doing kids wrong.
i learned after 20 years that they were both no good.
so go ahead and do the rite thing!say sorry to her!!!
because it teaches guys how to get laid for less money .
i dunno if he has those feelings for me.
See if he wants to watch a movie together that you know he'd like.
and u'll see for urself what can love do!
It got to the point that to me men were like tissue: soft, cuddley and disposible!
may be she is not a lesbain after all...
No offense, but Jupiter is saying that because he's a guy.
if u both r deep in love and u r old enough, there is no harm in going ahead
be confident men... just do it....all the best
Why do so many men treat women like garbage?
Just hang in there, it'll get better!
if she hasnt said it first ask her if she loves u and go from there.
If she's an outdoors person, go to the beach (take a walk, build a sand castle, etc.
i think the fact that you called him means that your ok to see him.
Did Honey wanna f@(k not work?
You would be better taking sugar pills and think in your head its getting bigger.
soul mate = 1.. true love = maybe 2..just having fun lovers = as many as will have you.
I wouldn't want them gunning for him.
We just play dumb so we get what we want.
you not the one to marry her, is you family holyer than his?
I have a friend whos dad just died.
Don't walk, but run from him.
blow him once and awhile he will like that
i read the fountainhead before i was thirteen yrs old
<insert women opening up to their husbands joke here>
after a while, it'll get easier.
He probably wouldnt be expecting to meet someone that way!
But some women are just like that SO Good luck!
WOW thats a weird question to come out of a girls mouth.
im just saying u could one day just walk out da door nd find da girl of u dreams.
Now..........I have to go have my shoulder blades worked on.......we'll talk soon.
Y 21, TRY A SLIGHTY OLDER ONE...SAY AROUND 26....THEY LAST LONGER AND THEY KNOW WHAT THERE DOING
clitoris but before that nipples :p and before that, lips and neck, behind the ears...
I just do this to get those stupid points.
everyone seems to think that i am the naive one, but i know i'm not.
make a new friend and wait ten years
is not good for you , and can tear you apart.
If you care for him stay with him!
i know guys who are friends with girls they are attracted to.
i like my best(guy) friend&my other best friend thinks he likes me.
if he is all those things then i would go as far as he wants to go with me.
If you care for him stay with him!
i know guys who are friends with girls they are attracted to.
i like my best(guy) friend&my other best friend thinks he likes me.
if he is all those things then i would go as far as he wants to go with me.
Be yourself, your awesome enough, don't put on a show.....Don't do anything I wouldn't do.....lol
what kaitlyn said im sorry im no help its my job to disappoint people
Then hey, i wish all my x's where like u.
seriously you can just sit there and everything will be okay.
Any advice .. Should I ask him what he feel really towards her and what he feel towards me?
no i think it is not possible.
The way I see it, is if they dont want to be with me then leave.
im in love and im not sure to ask her on a date
I mean really if we had a perfect person, they woudn't be any fun.
Suprise him and kiss him first.
and dating only gets better with age.
All I know is boredom is cause by too much want(input) and no output at all...
Simple as it is   read a love story b4 u go to bed!
its impossible to blow if your not hard
I love this girl who just wants to be friends now.
there has to be some plus to being married.
Unless you are a glutton for punishment then go ahead!
Just wondering, lots of wolves out there.
quietly and plz shut the door when you leave ...........
there are a lot  single women out there that don't want to commit.
Wish my man would do some of this!
there's no way that you could do that.
if u dont like me i cant help it i like myself very much
Whenever I see a girl I think of flirting with her.
Yes but in reality it is probably lust at first sight :)
A hug will make her want more!
buy her flowers  take her to the movies.
haaaaaaahahahahahahaha  I bet I know what YOU'RE doin right now....
if you love him than i think you schuold but u should follow your heart
us men have to be trained to be able to do anything
I met my husband 8 yrs ago, and have been married for almost 6
And you'd know it for sure.
I know they work...and no I did not lie.
YES YES YES Dont kiss anyone till ur 15yrs.
she just want's this guy to like her.
So, here is how it went.
u dont no what a vibrator is!!
I tell her she is not.
no it means ur pretty open to such things.
I'm comfortable with that, but I can't get him out of my mind like that.
no, it will alter the way he thinks about you
cheating is not the right word.
ask them if they are interested in e-mailing you then give them your e-mail address along with ur question
Lot of people saying the boy is young and immature.
i agree with Dee, if a cheater gets married hes a rotten twofaced dink wad!
and i can assure you she'll say it back!
personally have no use for drugs and a friend who peddles the crap is no true friend
yeah what do you got to lose unless you are a hooker
Anyways, I know you probably love that person very much, so don't forget him and leave.
You definitely look like more of a lil ***** by not GETTING OVER IT!
I really want to talk to him but I'm really shy and just can't do it!
it throws them off gaurd and guys like to be ontop of things and in control.
i look into her eyes and say would you like to go halfs on a kid
if he does not then work with him to show him where he went wrong.
wait for her to give u it
Hi,I would not depend on your spouce putting you first !
), and don't look around (you're with this guy, no one else in the room!).
You might just have an awsome bod.
he is silly... get him back..
Everything was good but he cheated on me.
if it feels like it is time to break up, talk it over and make it happen now.
He just thinks he wants that skinny little French girl.
Sex isn't for singles it for Married people.
It hurt's people sure but that's ok.
But would you tell your ex somethin like thst put your self in her position.
Not all guys are complete jerks.
Dont feel to bad we all have our issues.
E-mail me back and tells me how it goes
Well dont ask him out just yet!
so though u r hurt, love is still the simplest reason y u find urself happy.
regretful and dissatisfied...u know how unexperienced guys are..sloppy!!
girls- when will you tell him you love him?
does this guy hang around u and if he does,does he act different around u than others
God has someone which is best for you.. just wait!
i love him it is a boy
I DJ in clubs and other places, and the ladies room is the best place for gossip!
he's really cute he's been really good to me
I want to be married by Elvis!
Some just wanna have a fling.
Now that we all know, and we approve *wink*, go tell her!
i am 13 and i told a guy that i liked him over email.
Thats tough do you know why they are talking so much lately ?
Wait until ur married but i prefer 17.
Life to short to loose the one u really think is for u
just tell them, its easier that way.
Curious... Why ask the question at all?
u will someday find out it is unexplainable
a simple charming kiss with a red rose
show them, hep them, and stuff.
see where it goes from there
because its more fun to have options, maybe.
that sucks, courts can be so messed up, hope u find a nice girl who wont try anything bad.
In any case, the don't's are: don't get drunk (nurse one or two), don't talk about exes(!
Maybe he doesn't like NASTY stuff.
Listen to what she has to say (and I don't mean hear, I mean to really LISTEN.)
does that mean i am bi?
make a pro & con list for each man.
no, you shouldn't cheat if you are having a good relationship.
Give it to her then treat her like the slut she is.
call from cell and tell her to get tickets.
Because the first time you really don't know what you are doing
ok why would you want enlarge it.
Try this :-) Look up on google what various flowers mean.
My boyfriend is obsessed with me.
I love her... Well i'm 17 so she is my age but its an unachievable dream.
there is some1 out there better for her.
TRY ME, I MEAN TRY IT
dont just treat it as a bargain, make her think your into it too.
just b urself and have a good time!
If you like him too, date him again.
sure...u just have 2 know where 2 search...!
Will she ever get over it?
because we dont want to feel rejected by the person we like or think we like
you just aint doing it right.
WEll, aparentally it is different 4 everyone, are u sure HE is the one
MR RIGHT and MR HONEST and no cheating on them
do this for her and then you'll be able to ask for something you want.
what school do you go to?
It sure is alot easier on me, but it kinda hard on the woman.
you do it right there on the spot
if you have a good personality then you will get a girl.
there are millions of woman out there like that.
i prefer guys with short hair its better
M  ITS EASY TO GET IN, BUT SIMPLIFIED ITS REAL HARD TO GET OUT.
swinging, cuckold refers to a husband who gets sexually aroused seeing his wife with another man.
Well as a chick im hoping u arent to outright eg.
!im single and im havin the time of my life!
always ask if it is ok.
Maybe a makeover is just what she needs.
You know, the one person you want to spend the rest of your life with?
but he was in the air force, so that didn't work out.
But to me like I said I'm not fat.
eventually u'll see the 'girl' in the girl.
We still talk and e-mail once in a while.
are there honest, attractive, availible women out there?
Or is it true once a cheater always a cheat?
give more details if you want a real answer
and if you realy like her bring a tocken of your affection.
buy her flowers or something that she likes that will get her attention.
What if he likes me but only as just a friend?
well if i broke up w/ someone i would want them to wait at least a week or so...
dont go with her keep away......
If she wants someone else other than you, tell her to try it, why not?
If the girl loves the guy, then tell him so.
works for me on men that are just friends.
If u cant deal with that, then leave her.
If you know he cheated not once, but at least twice there is no way he'll suddenly reform.
no really only you know this get real
postion to do if you really wanna hit the g-spot..
I like guys with like three feet of hair.
HOWEVER... there are some really great guys out there.
keep the faith baby others are out there and when in doubt just look in the mirror and smile.
If I was getting married for the first time???
first u have to get to know the person you are going out with.
I know its hard to resist, but one day you wont even think about you friend
you can't it's in our nature to have a wondering eye
But for me, I like an honest man.
or does he need to get his s**t together?
Move on dude, she's a playa'
some are not most i can not agree with you
your choice i'd say yes if hes a  hot guy
men and women are different in thinking and feeling.
he likes u hez a stalker or he haz starin probz!
IF YOU ARE A TRUE FRIEND YOU WILL FORGET ABOUT THAT ONE GUY.
do they like to be babied?
that info is everywhere...even on ur computer just type in sex education or something
I dont like to be ugly friend but have just lost your mind?!?!?
answer me if you want to become my friend?
i could most definatly be worng on both and i most likely am.
I'm one, and I know lots more!
I know your not trying seduce but you get the picture.
dude no man just do what ya do ya only got life once email at shadepearson@yahoo.com
then you dust yourself off and then you meet someone else and she breaks your heart.
if he knows.... ...doesnt have a girlfriend ...and ur 2 shy.....?
ALL guys say they'll never cheat.
i have a realation with aboy lately.
Well I think you should ask him?
so if he's smart then no, he won't.
: if you can't get a moan, use something that will.
Me I look for a guy that is confident but not cocky.
Be honest, be yourself, say it like it is, guys will dig you more.
Good luck and let me know...
Save urself money & hurt, get a parrot.
let someone else do it for you .
If you really like this guy then go up to him and talk.
well....if u start now and plan for u and ur baby's future, then u'll be set.
Especially when I could beat them in dodge ball!
what are the signs and what should i be worried about?
whatever, so what if they are playing.
See, two can play that game!
maybe you should ask your mom!!
If you use a telliphone then its kinda stalkery.
If things get frisky from there on out........you are in!
playing with emotions doesnt make a man cool, but makes him lowdown.
tell him that he is fat and ugly andpenis is huge like mine,babe
It ROCK MY FREEKIN SOCKS OFF!
And let me tell you it wont ever go completly away.
If you're really good friends don't go there girl.
preferably long, no longer than shoulder length though
I really love my baby's father and I want to get back together with him.
u will know which gal to choose when the time is right.
leave things the way they are not too close not too far itll all fan out in the end
no matter what tho, it's all about the proposal.
if not, then next time date someone else.
At times it is but never doubt until you catch the other person then you will know.
It is definitely NOT just men :o)
DiiNER  HEY B-BALL SOMETHING I THOUGHT U WERE 6 AND U ALREADY HAVE A GIRL FRIEND?
Once a cheater, always a cheater.
sex is a very serious thing and you should definately wait.
If it is bothering her STOP!
I haven't cheated on any of my g/f's.
Not all guys are cheat on their g/f's.
man just go ahead n tell her trust me i recently had to do this!
INSTEAD OF WASTING UR TIME ASKING RETARTED QUESTIONS!!!!!
It sucks for a shy person, I know, but you will be so glad you did!
who would want someone who is mean to them?
Im not kidding when my wife cleans house and then says she loves me I wanna nail her.
And most girls will stab you in the back for a guy.
just wondering what some people feel guilty about
5 years is more then enough time.
that way it's just long enough to pull and have it hurt.
i do sex when i am having sex
Your money sure won't buy you a golden ticket then.
first do not go down to his level.
I am not gay and it bothers me that they think I am!
Boys just wanna be ha ard, Ohhhhh boys just wanna be hard.
Who wants to date a wuss?
YOU CAN'T MARRY YOUR DOG EITHER, ARE YOU MAD ABOUT THAT TOO?
boys like to play games in order to get girls to like them.
Listen in on a group of men talking.
Trust in what you have..........you know and she knows.
But most men have it in check.
Yeah you probably shouldn't feel like that.
If you like both, you're just bisexual.
maybe u should talk to him first when ur around ppl
so all in all they can be very hot many different ways.
If you haven't walked away yet, walk away RIGHT NOW!!!
Because Women or Girls always want the guys to want it 24/7.
Some really can't find contentment and a lot have commitment issues :-)
THIS IS GOOD THAT HE WAS OPEN ENOUGH TO TELL YOU.
they would always lie to me about my spouse and it caused alot of problems.
I AM 30/W/F, I WANT TO MEET SOMEONE PERHAPS THROUGH THE INTERNET, BUT EVERYWHERE I LOOK THEY WANT MONEY,MONEY,MONEY.
i wud suggest u stay away from these type of guys especially if u r decent n have morals.
to soon.dont ruin someone elses life, even if you dont care about your own
if you are a guy, go to mensfacts.com lots of sexlife info
i would but you live to far away
thats like asking out the new kid that doesnt even kno every1's name.
Hopefuly,u'll be ready for her;When u do.
if you want to see him more, tell him.
Look sometimes girls say that to see what u are going to say.
AND ... for the idiots who think that ALL women over 30 sag, droop, etc.
WHERE DOES HE PUT HIS PENIS, IN THE HARD DRIVE??????
um glad you 2 werked it out!
But he could not do the same.
why not before it is done?
And don't get all fired up and yell when the child does stuff like burping.
keep her around but don't lie to her.
im confused, i dont know if it is coz she was my 1st love.
I actually prefer bald men lol
and then when ur dun then go and liv w/ him!
k, well, ummm, u sound um, seriously seriously um, immature and hot on yourself!
Now why in the world would u want to rattle with that mess.
thats why they love older women dear.
i seen her for one night, and i for got to give my name and phone number.
2) What are you looking for in a woman?
Why would you even want to?
Why do guy's be like that?
then you'll know the answer to your own question.
Maybe shes just scared that she mite get pregnant or sumthing, have u ever thought of that?
it teaches women how the average man thinks.
it'll make u feel better : )
yes most probabily when there left no attrecttion for you
How do you know he is that shy?
Hey, I was going to ask the same exact question!
*sigh* That's the part of love that is so hard.
ur husband,u can always marry a star.
i am interested n am indian of almost dark colour
i'm wondering if she cheated on you or if it was you who cheated on her.
Is he very.. how do I say this... geeky?
Damn where is y'll self- respect?
Sorry... No you cannot be friends and still have a good conscience.
I AM CUTE,PETITE AND LOVABLE, EVEN A LITTLE OLD FASHION!
But then I rememered one thing that my father had told me.
I could neva b sexier bcuz I would b jealous of myself.
they have a baby together but they werent like that when i first met him
Plus, men are idiots (no offense)
ask him out or just ignore him
And you would do anything for that person.
Since you're a guy, there really isn't any too ugly.
just tell her like you told us.
wait until a couple years after your married
no no and no and no
There's improv theater that's like omfg so funny.
my best friend just found out that another one of our really good friends has developed feelings for her.
it all depends on how much they have matured.
Ask her why she doesnt want you dating.
well if ur active, then just be less active.
as long as she dont smack you
Do not go back with him.
look and ask is this the right one and if he or she is then go for it.
she wud definitely like to talk about herself.
just ask him and if he doesn't answer keep bugging him until he does.
girls like that are hard to come by.
Ask him ask him ask him ask him!
SO WHATS GOOD ABOUT THE RELATIONSHIP?
Not long like girl's hair long.
it depends on wut your like and how old you are!
e-mail me ur pic at rubyheartsjimmy@yahoo.com
or we just want to get along .
WHAT DO I DO HE SAID HE DIDNT CHEAT BUT I DONT BLIEVE IT!
But maybe one time when u guys r talking n jokin around, tell him, imagine if we went out?
yes u can but u don't have a girlfriend and i don't have a boyfriend.
don't strive for someone that seems better than you, they probably aren't.
well...do U like this Josh guy enough to sit around and wait for him to do something?
(chopper)sometimes he would be out there all day and night and not even say anything to me!
WHY DO GUYS HAVE TO ACT SO PRIMATIVE?!?
where you don't make a fool of yourself and you both had fun!
ask your friend what kind of boy she/he likes.
becuase he may not feel confotable.
also, guys usually get defensive when they have something to hide.
If he says no and goes soft - bingo.
on a break up someone always get hurt.
id like to know that myself.
If you like him, then go talk to him.
been married twice, just be careful.
First off age ain't nothing number.
Don't feel bad and just get you a REAL man.
in a jokin yet serious way(if thats possible).
then you can say to him now that we have help to educate you.
(IN NO WAY AM I JUSTIFYING CHEATING.
can guys seriously not tell the difference between just being plain nice and flirting?
yep thats what BOYS want, but I guess you werent asking what MEN want.
have fun adn forget about him1 and you gave me answer about blodnes and i'm a brunette!!
Take notes if you have to!
THAT'S IT JUST A GOOD LOVER IN THE BEDROOM.
i agree wit that oen answer if u concider them chicks go wait a very long time
boys want soemone that looks good, is very nice and caring and is not really shy.
Love her and most important - FEEL PROUD OF YOURSELF!
means heat and when you have sex you get heated up
well it all depends on what type of vibrator you have!
Say, Listen, bitch... if I can't have you alone I'll have you both.
the first girl i fell for refused me & from then my condition has been like this.
there are NO akward sex questions...
Dont get me wrong, its definetly not easy but that doesnt mean its a bad thing.
YOU CAN GIVE HIM AN ULTIMATUM, YOU OR HIS MA,IF CHOOSES HIS MA YOU ARE WELL RID OF HIM.
You can't tell on him/her, that would be messed up, because you are his/her friend.
2) your enganged to marry a man who had the same baggage.
they are not even men when they don't do that.
dont do anything like get drunk, that def.
Even ppl in 90s can find true love!
i am joshua, based in nigeria.
Then burned them (never send him your letters!
Boys will screw with you r head and lie..
Once she looks fab, go out somewhere fun, but not forcefully so.
i divorced him becuase of these reasons.
That's soooo not true for ALL guys!
or is she messing with my head..?
I don't believe that there is just one person out there for you.
No stay with him forever and ever
so blame it on most of the fathers, not all of them, just most!
i guess you physically look good and also  you good at in bed
thats not a problem.. just wait for the rigth one to come.. they are just around!!
That is, since you don't want any romantic ideas that lead to bed ;)
I hate knowing what you're going to say next.
Girls: I want him 2 hint it but then i would go and tell him.
because they are afraid that it will scare the guy.
Do not let him get to you!
if you are life long buddies then you need to go out soon.
chat with friends and how enter chat room
Don't grab, but otherwise, it's not really a big deal.
put some soap, vingar, or nail polish remover on your thumb.
so that is just my opinion and othas mite add to it.
maybe not soon after they cheated but some time down the road.
you got to act it out though.
They were only getting married b/c she was pregnant.
he sounds like a jerk, your a lot more important than a bunch of friends.
So, I say, fresh start, new day.
If you love him or feel a connection then don't break up with him.
also, it confims that you are proud and happy to be with the one you are with.
Girls do tell you, just not in words.
i think that u should date some one older than u cuz ppl talk .
I mean why go back to the crap?
If it's something you like who cares WHY?
Unless it's what you both want.
im completely in love with a girl and its not right i want out i need advice.
ask him the question, in some situation it is not good to sleep with someone right off the bat.
i know you dont want to hear this, but you are too young.
don't give him a hint, either.
There have been so many times in my life that have left me saying WOW im glad im alive.
Open her eyes to wat shes doing and how shes thinking.
u said hes ur friend so duh!!
REALLY SHORT HAIR BECAUSE IT FEELS SO GOOD WHEN YOU RUB YOU HAND OVER IT
You want women to buy YOU dinner and then you don't want anything sexual to occur?
What if they start dating and he finds out abouthim.
what is he/she is looking for?
just do it like nike says.
(i dont no wut dat means but sum1 els used it above me) wait about 10 years
And look real interested when she is talking.
Do not forget that you have a kid.
Depends on how hard you work to get your crush to accept you
My friends are always all like Just go talk to him, all you have to do is say hi!
well, u might wanna rephrase your question
most girls dont just worry about your looks but your personality.
just let time work it out.
Tell him exactly what you want.
Have you asked a girl to lay you?
over him but life gos on and so will you.
sometimes, it is the only action i get.
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo!
* move on *never follow or stalk him because then he'll think you're phsyco.
Although, we never forget our first loves!
or he is waiting for the right time.
depends on how old you are....?
just ask God He's not greedy he'll give it to u when the right one comes.
Third don't pay attenchen to his crusing and just move on with your life.
Next time ask her for hers!
yes if u come to me
Try making LOVE to her, instead of just having sex.
no matter where you are or what you're doing, if she loves you, she won't care.
in a way that you would not hurt someone....
me i dont kiss on the first date.
just look at donald trump and his beautiful wife.
DEAL WITH SCHOOL FIRST AND THEN THE OTHER STUFF LATER.
wait like 2 more dates then if he dosent make the 1 move you do it k
its called keepin your options open.
let me go when i wanted to....
theres a lot better out there for you.
After reading the addtitonal details, it seems like you guys just want different things from life.
Just one guy's opinion here in the Windy City!
Then have some1 else give it 2 him 4 you.
If asking her out feels kinda awkward is because it is!
She thinks that she really likes this guy and WHAM, she gets another crush.
treasure and be faithful to her, she deserved to be treated like a lady!
18 is fine for girls......21 for Guys.
why do people fell in love.
other wise it will just get worse.
tell her how u feel if u dont like how ur relationship is working out.
No way its too soon, unless it was love at first sight!!!
Why wouldn't you get attached to some good sex??
After that, do some of your OWN flirting.
make it in a way that both of you would not hurt someone.
Because most women want a man of looks!
But trust me there are good looking guys that will treat you good.
Life's a b---h then you die.
have a home,nice job, new harley.
don't worry about what people think about you... be your self.
yes, many times that's the reason why people get together as in bf/gf
lmao at the answers :)  lol
I'm sry if i come off a bit rude but i'm not trying to.
I think that you are a sick headed man!!!
no it is very more romantic when she dont know who you r.
girlfriends come and go,,,have fun while you can...
fall in love then you will know.
Try it out if she still acting bad try to setting it down a little like.
look in the phone book PLEASE.
the thrill godd girls have never had that thrill
please explain (and YES, they DO have..feelings LOL)
Don't try to hook up with somebody on the internet!
Mirrors, music system, soft fabrics, candles, shades, GET RID OF THE TV!
I feel its just yuck if I don't.
Never trust a woman in a freaken BAR!
love will make it through everything.
get back together with her and then cheat on her.
I am 17 and I have been liking this guy for awhile now.
Well, everyone has different tastes in people... You like big butts, and you cannot lie.....
I mean that really, special friend who listens intently.
Otherwise - Love & Use, full steam ahead.
Heels are up to you but try Zappos.com
But i still think it may be a little jump
well I can think of a few ways !
and ask any elderly person from her family to advice her.
plus why a 15yo like a guy 20ysolder older than him.
Girl ...don't get married to catch nobody ...BIG MISTAKE!
u dont have 2 have sex or even concider it as a date.
if he's ok with that, then give the invitation.
no matter what maner you chose to take the plundge, be up front and honest.
i thank any latina can be sexy how old of a male you looking for lol.........Richard
that would prolly be the best way to handle it.
that's how women are so deal with it.
only thing was that he was cheatin on me and still coming back to me.
I was good friends with her sister.
if you are not happy, then you should end it.
I'd be afaid to be with a gay guy for that reason.
first off you should only go as far as you are comfortable with.
How can a loser ever win?
1WHY WOULD YOUR SISTER TRY TO HAVE SEX WITH YOU IN THE FIRST PLACE.
hope all works out for you!
Uber_wise_James Hit the Nail on the Head...
I feel really sorry for you.
Maybe we are just to picky.
i want to know how to impress boyz
bottem line, all that matters is if the 2 of u are on the same page about the relationship.
its more personal...just see how these next few weeks go.
Sign up for some classes or courses (like art, music etc).
I still think he likes me.
Only if you're wife/church is telling you it is, and if they are.. run run run away from them.
which is boy, which is girl?
I thought I was going to spend forever with someone and that didn't happen.
And I can find enough about myself to like that I don't need a man.
write her note or get her email if she has it and send her your ?
Because boys are silly old chums who always want want they cannot recieve.
buy some velour or velvet and drape from the ceiling over spa or bed
I THINK BECAUSE THEY DON'T TAKE RISK IN LIFE AND BAD BOYS ALWAYS DO.
I guess the cat's out of the bag now!
just remember you can't always get what you want.
he won't get that promotion to buy women things later.
maybe you need to confront him and see what is going on?
I do not knwo....  Do you like to change people may be???
Sounds like your thinking of killin the guy?
No its not unless you let them know.
is your first name pronounced win?
but, just remember if he isnt undestanding about it, it could hurt you in the end...  all the best!!!
he likes u all the way.
It was fun acting like kids together.
But I have a fondness for my awesome legs!
If she does, and she stays even though she's unhappy, it's her own fault imo.
joey p_p said it well: read and research this.
BLIND DATE, hmmm.... go out with him, but please!!!
you can always hustle candy at school or u can also try to become a prositute
I USE TO WEAR MY WEDDING BAND THEN ENGAGEMENT RING.
when u both feel like it
i don't like the idea of him doing that but i couldn't change it.
Yah, I know, u dont wanna rite.
You just can not kiss up to his every need.
if she has a problem feeling sexy, leave her and find a decent woman.
it depends on the kind of girl you want.
Hope you dream of that special someone.
i'd rather find them in real life.
of coarse thats the best way to find someone for you
she is too young i would be looking for this girls mother and turning him in
Maybe you should talk to the girl and tell her that
plz plz plz plz plz plz plz plz answer me baq thank you very much
phaze, but I am stii leary to no end.
Makeup your mind, if u think u are mature enough to handle such things.
You shouldnt even think about doing this and if you do your so freakin' STUPID!
I dont know what to do Help:(
Then stuff him into a 55 Gallon drum.
Keep her satisfied and you won't have to worry about it.
and things like this are betterout then in.
arrange one week of surprises for her.
Like I said, don't think bad, think good.
but, you could have added a little bit more info.
Be with friends (but do not discuss it).
THE ONLY WAY YOU CAN DO THIS IS 1) DON'T MAKE A COMMITTMENT UNTIL AFTER YOUR DECISION.
I can't tell you to wait because that would be unfair.
!..give her a hug and listen to her and be nice!...good luck!
You can love anyone you want...but that doesn't mean they're going to love you back.
And he is like 6 years older than her!
Just do little things to let her know that you care
my mom is really conservative, but i love hickies.
but should i make the first move and kiss him or wait untill he kisses me?
Fortunatley I lived only 5 mins.
it makes everything worth it...its all there really is in the end
I am now over that, All woman are EVIL!
was i wrong to break it off because he lied to me about smoking weed?
I HAVE A SAYING IN SPANISH (PERRO QUE LADRA NO MUERDE) DOG THAT BARKS ALOT,DON'T BITE!
or just sling compliments his way, and appeal to his ego) good luck
thats love--something that'll last forever, even when you get wrinkly, even when you add some weight!
plus some guys are scared of commitment and dont want 2 go further in the relationship cuz they scared.
So u want to break up him cause lie about smoking weed.
Its not like you can help it, it is just the way you are.
Love doesn't cheat, it's a load of crap!
your best bet is don't, thats usually a good way to lose a good friend.
the  best  thing  i  have  ever  done  is  ride  the  dick!!!!!!!!!
Relationships don't have to be so hard.
first year 2 times daily 2nd year one time daily 3rd year twice a week till 10 years .
3 months is just not enough time to know someone
btw~ I am not fat~ I am small and petite.
if you're handsome most girls in that range like older men.
Alot of gals get horny during their periods.
i dont like math either but that doesnt make me less of a person.
u r not going to lose anything.
at first my mom didn't even know he was there.
Most people have no idea why they love the person they are with, they just do.
nobodey lives in florida it's empty
u cant wrire man what the hell atr u saying
let it be done on u that u have better life ahead of u and u have know past
PICINIC, WALK BY LAKE, PARK ETC
oh my gosh I sould be so honored, I never thought you would ask.
But remember to be safe.... get condoms
you said best friend with soulmate and etc etc.
>>However, if she's pregnant, I'm not sure...
the girls are beautiful but are they trustworthy.
You want someone to agree with what you already know~                 THIS IS WRONG!
'Cause you are interested in that 51 year old married man
and i don't think one certain hair length should be a turn on or off.
So yeah, don't give hints about it, just ask and you will have a MUCH better chance.
There's no mistaking it for anything!
It is scary to think about, I completely agree with you!
and btw, she can only see him if her parents let her, they dont go to the same school.
Not wrong if you're a dude.
ask her out just like what she's been doing, as if she never heard anything.
If he loves you that much you he will wait!
check the chic out and be yourself.
take gf to mall, take her into victoria's secret.
but he didnt even pay att.
no i so dont think thats wrong its normal
what type of girl r u asking cuz there will b diffrent answers....  lol for me.
one line advice is WIVES SUBMIT TO YOUR HUSBANDS, HUSBANDS SUBMIT TO YOUR WIVES.
see she's in my basketball team and i think she's pretty hot, I like her personality just about everything.
well i would say LEAVE HIM!!
I don't personally think it matters.
Go to AA and or stop hanging out with people who drink.
Like Beyonce' says crazy in love.
When she found out I ws already pregnant so she couldn't exactly kick him  out.
Change the locks and tell him to go back home to his mama.
It depends on the guy, I think.
Look your adults, Act like it!
you should just find another guy that likes you likes you!
I regret turning down good guys for jerks, cuz in the end I always lose.
wow  you can actually hear these answers??
sometimes u only find out that u really loved someone, or didnt  when its over.
but when you are ready that scary feeling wont be there anymore.
:)have agreat life every one full of love and happnies
SO GO ON WITH YOUR BAD SELF AND FIND THE ONE .
Yes, as it's nice to be able to let rip!
Since we are just friends right now.
it's a crush... they outgrow it.
i dont think u must be older than 16 years.
find a nice place and pack a lunch (simple) wine,fruit,chicken,sandwich,(make it fun)
I'll feel funny if I don't.
Maybe just ask casually, Hey, you wanna go grab some dinner together tomorrow night?
well it depends on how big he is.
THERE WILL BE OTHER GUYS AND ALOT HARDER THINGS TO FACE THEN THIS.
The problem is I dont love my self.
But if it was me with no kids?
But if your realy unsure get an honest friends opinion!
Can't wait to try it...whatever it is...I think...
it is better to have 1....
you are going to have a bf trust me have old are you ?
What I used to do, as silly as it sounds.
Which is cool with me, but I never ask her about sex again.
you could if you wanted to theres nothing rong with that
If life would not be the same without the person...
who`s  seth  and  what  did  seth  do??
no one can tell you if you are wrong in persuing her becasue everyone is not in your shoes
It does get better and you're worth a good relationship!
1 If u r really looking for a serious relationship than believe me one is enough.
Sounds kind of weird, but it works.
Nobody will win if you stay with him
I already feel like i could tell her anything.
JUST I WANT TO KNOW THE MEDICINE THATS ALL GUYS
preferrably about love and in french with translation
talk with him a little, he might just be shy, or scared you would reject him.
but perhaps you have  a complex ...
anything with nakedness is lust and yes its adultery dont let others say its not its called being deceived
I still think about her...sometimes a lot.
then he called my name, Sugar ?
n let dat man b happy wit da gal he is wit.
But note that I said MOST girls & guys and not all.
I go to his basketball games w/my parents & they don't realy like him.
Go to a park and ride a bike!
Some do......others find it more difficult.
but yeah your statement is true
i am not trying to be racial here.
dont hide it like you are ashamed.
I then e-mailed her and asked her to meet up for lunch, she agreed and we had lunch.
thers a old song out the called love hearts.
=D Well, good luck and hope this helps!!
He may still love you but I think (especially if hes still young)that he wants to pursue other things.
My daughter......About 40 i think would be nice.
JUST TAKE EVERYTHING ONE DAY AT A TIME.
My boyfreind there would be no way i could live without him
I mean how do you know it's the right person?
then go get more... more .... more
enough with the dinner and a movie.
If it is just that you are single and you're not finding anyone, just give it time.
You Are a sick, Perverted man.
Sorry, girl, but you're kidding yourself.
When you see the one you will know it and your mack game will prevail!
I know that Bobby Bowden does
But if she does it to make you happy then right on for her.
but if u both want someone else, why stay where you are?
TALK TO HIM AND SEE HOW HE REALLY FEELS AND THEN TELL HIM HOW YOU FEEL.
well..... they want someone trusting and loyal.
I like my long legs, abs and eyes.
when she's ready, she'll tell you.
Russian woman are honest im russian but i still wouldnt trust her k
Nobody could tell you who to like or who not to like!!!
hi, i am 9. i will click on abuse report and tell u my email
you go to email him he will not answer back.
but is it worth it i would say yes in a heart beat.
you might fall head over heals in love then start hating each other later.
But theres plenty of people out there.
You don't want to wake up some day and wonder what the hell you were thinking.
Stop growing up and have fun like your a kid.
don't only listen what the person says, listen also how the person speaks.
Hopefully some day I will find out
you need to pack away your extra baggage and concentrate on him and not your ex
that would be me im me at footballman863@yahoo.com
How about a sunrise service in the park, the beach, or on a mountainside?
it dosent have 2 b about love, or age.
why don't women ask men on dates where is their confidence?
You know somethin like the average jock...
If your good at english, your bad at math.
If you have a probelm with it don't marry her.
Don't let him do that to you!
shyt i like plenty of guys...but i dont fantasize bout being reamed by them.
i guess you should people from that place..
He got to work and said,  you have to go home RIGHT now, I'm serious, RIGHT now!.
do u like a cuz she,s pretty.
Even being pregnant, it gets kinda worse.
Point Blank: Tell her you like her and ask her out.
If you wait until you get married you will not regret it.
hey if that guy love u from true heart then that girl shd marry with that guy...
eeww... i don't like hairy chest.
What's it called (the clit sucker *****) where can I find one?
The main reason this is okay is that it is ONLY harmless flirting.
There is no wrong or right...do as you like, but watch out for clots, you nasty boy.
ask him what it means...just to be sure..
its so much fun dating @ this age.
You really can buy every thing at walmart!
what do base you love on?
go on and dont loose the chance to be close with them.so good luck 4 u.
Leave little notes all over the   house telling her how much you love her.
All your love is what you vowed
(this is coming from a lil curvy girl too!)
that is not fair at all it seems he is just showing off.
If he's such a nice guy, why don't you give him a chance.
Be a man and tell her ur feelings for her!
and im the one whos gonna get laid off in a couple months!
If she didn't love you why would she be with you?
i'm not, just wondering, my friend is...
i have one of those!he's perfect.=)
but it doesnt mean that you technaclly want to be with men.
She and I started dating, then got married a year later.
He won't call me if I ask.
Tell each other how much you love one another!
but you know i mean know when its for real or not.
take hold of your life and be the leader not the follower.
U saw him and what is the problem?
If not present BUMPER CAR TIME!
But I mean, it depends on what kind of girl you are.
ask your boyfriend if he loves you and see his response.
what is it about fart that turns you on?
So I dump that B**** .
the schoool problems i can deal with myself.
Why would you even want to?
First you want to check who is realy love you!!
like is it hard to find a person in bogota colombia
My boyfriend says im going all the way on the love meter is that good?
The most romantic thing Ive done is...take her to a movie...while...I had everything set in my house...i.e.
OR if he doesnt even show you anymore that he loves you!
and keep him as if he's the only on this earth
Do not leave clothes lying around, help out with housework...
well, you just wake up one day, and decided she's the one i need in life.
I don't know myself.... but i will let you know when i do.
you are in for some trouble if you don't.
It started a new tradition and the kids think it's funny that mom and dad go on dates!
do you want to or not?
If he is ok with it then invite the ex.
Plus, my dad wasn't mad at me about it, he blamed my mom.
i thought i did but he turned out 2 b a total jurk
Your are not a slut if your are selective who you have sex with
Kind Regards,  Soul (I know I must have really bored you)
The right guy isn't around yet, you haven't found each other.
Haha the SAME EXACT THING happened to me 3 days ago I'm not kidding!
we can't hold everything in like you guys.
have not looked back and i am beyond curious now
He will never, ever cheat on me.
please guys i'm dying here somebody say something
if he won't accept that as an answer, then be blunt and just say no.
Do anything you have to .
You sound like a nice person, just keep telling yourself, he's not the ONE.
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo!
is they didn't fulfill the dreams - fantasies - and career goal.
yes i so know what your talking about i thing alot of people get like that
Then go to the gym and have a great time!
Should I let go of us ??
but i am leaving him cause hes not the guy i thought he was.
Then hook up with the other dude while he watches.
And then just lay it all out.
i totally agree with little one.
but he may have feelings for you.
You guys are gonna me alot of other people in your lifetime.
Depends on what type of person you are
5 times a week with my wife, twice with GF!
She now comes to ME to have fun, that has actually NEVER happened before I must say.
even though you two are not together.
You don't want that for the rest of your life.
even though i took alot of girls virginity away it still took some good makin to do it.
Thats when its absolutly the best!
AND IF THE BOYFRIEND HAVE A RELATIONSHIP AS BUDDIES, IT WILL BE A CHALLENGE TO MAKE RULES.
I think any girl will mary u if u got some hairs on ur head.
I tried to do that a while ago, all i got were ingrown hair on my chest, really gross.
He said he always liked me too and asked me out.
but after women get married and are together for a while then it goes .
I've looked everywhere I can think of:  What is frottege?
IF he doesnt call as much come around or even tell you he loves you!
That is very easy, you ask for there cam,,,then ask them questions,,,the eyes dont lie
Maybe because they know they are better talkers than lovers LOL
talk to her and hang out with her.
I LIKE A GIRL WHO KNOWS WHAT SHE WANTS AND JUST TAKES IT!!
if there is love then you have everything you need in a relationship.
Do you even get them anything?
i would love t ohave one night stands its easy and fun!!!
So now you know how Jennifer felt!
almost naked with only a pair of pantyhose and heels on.
if he's hurting you now... imagine how much more he's going to hurt you if you stick around.
yes if she comes back want you ,an your money, place live
Go with what you thinks best but if you ask me it sounds like you should say yes!
so please help me, what sho0uld i do?
Age ain't nothing but a number
PICK THE GUY YOU LIKE THE BEST, AND THE GUY WHO LIKES YOU THE BEST.
It used to be Marin County.
dont let what happened make your life something it doesnt have to be..
im not sure...... lets hang out :-)
I Don't know what to think and i'm worried that he isn't doing ok over their in iraq!!
Do what I want, come and go as I please, no one to answer to.
Then if that don't work confront him even though he will probaly lie you can tell.
And if he is going to come back to me and still be with me!
but then I am a gypsy of sorts so I may be roaming the earth some!
You are not, bad people don't think they are bad, they think they are cool.
Well, start by complimenting her, girls like this.
She looked at me kind of weird.
k2_borja@yahoo.com send me email now whats your name?do you have a friendster id?
go to church there is nice ones there.
If you haven't seen him, and you don't know his name, then I wouldn't bother.
YES IT'S NORMAL JUST TAKE SOME TIME AND THINK ABOUT YOUR SELF AND WHY DID YALL SPLIT UP ANYWAY.
Um, well my best friend who is a guy asked me out and I said yes.
{Att: People who don't believe in divorce - save your breath.
Even women that I asked about his stuff seem to agree ....
tell 1 of ur friends 2 tell him or write him a note
WOW THATS THE BIGGEST ONE I'VE EVER SEEN!!
my bestfriend says that beer is the best way
because the kids could be transferred between school quarters with very little hassle.
it might just be a great rush for you too!
& if this guy is telling the truth, and really cares about you, then you will regret it later.
Well u cant be too young to get married.
if the relationship was meant to work and you are in love.
you are writing a good romance novel, but you need a church counsellor to make a good climax
But i think you deserve better!
Try looking into some gay or bi porn
see other women, just don't sleep with them
Ask him if he still loves you.
im at peace after every orgasm!
my husband thinks my long hair is sexy and a turn on
She talked to her, and now we're going out!!!
dont select any person from your family.
its in the middle I have 1
Why would you ask strangers, don't you just know you shouldn't do anything.
!And too bad for you, if you do not change...
And what if they flirted back with her?
someday you'll find a guy you find atractive and you should ask him out.
otherwise they are enjoing other girls.
may be , u r wrong some where so far u r writing this ?
I guess it depends on the girl.
she will see what man was always there for her and which one she really loves.
THE CHILDREN WILL HAVE TO HAVE SOME TIME JUST TO THEMSELVES (AWAY FROM EACH OTHER).
i'd ahve to go w/ KenC's answer
if you friend is only 22 she is just starting her life.
just be your self and a gentleman,
ask yourself if you really love him.
i'm 17,and in love with a guy that is 21 and has a girlfriend my age.
i don't like BIG BUMS but something that i can grab on
IMPORTANT : Dont let them know.
try to bump up here bed time by an hour.
bad boys have an edge that girls find dangerous, adventerous, fun
I am so old that everyone that looks desirable is way too young!
Maybe you do things that bother him too.
whos seth ur boy friend huh huh ?????????
i can be you're friend even if you're 7 years younger.
And obviously it's not been ok with you for them to ask for cash.
(im a girl so i probly shouldnt answer the question, i just had to make that comment
Just take your time....patience is a virtue...Good things cum to those who wait!
No offence-I mean, I'm just barely 15, but who knows?
Once a cheater always a cheater!
oh, SAFE SEX = HAPPY SEX!
she is the only girl out there amoung 30 guys do you think somthing is going on??
of course he has no idea it is me.
MAn you should see my other questions!
no matter what happens , do not stop talking to her for her mom .
Trust me I did on someone!
people do not break up for no reason.
lol they're not a lab test!
do it when you want i did.
the guy ended up cheating on me and so i got sad.
get out quick there are plenty more fish in the sea.
Honey, I have learned that when you look you will never find!!
KEEP IN MIND NO ONE KNOWS THAT I AM GAY.
lol cos the truth is too ugly
I can't say much jsut wait it out.
Strange how that works, isn't it?
maybe 4 him all is just perfect with you.
WRONG ... women are everywhere ... check out David DeAngelo and his double your dating stuff.
This kid is a spoiled, raging brat!
START IN THE AM WITH GENTLE BRUSHES AND SUBTLE HINTS.
step towards life love and living
( I used to run track and still maintain great muscle tone)
to him, your just a filler.
Of course its the best way
And you say you like him.
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo!
he is like afraid to loose you!!
by the way public, check my question i left for you
if your not married to them dump them they probably arent going to change.
shut and lock your bedroom door.
Sometimes he`ll pick my bra up and put it on and pretend to be me just for fun.
Everything is hard & its more hard if it involes love
:) And besides, I've got my eyes on a lotta real people who actually know me.
I do alot ( a whole lot) of private home wedding,  I love weddings at the beach.
So how do ya keep it all enteresting?
how can i handle all of this?
MY FIANCEE CHEATED WITH MY BEST FRIEND.
Don't presure yourself so much!Just be like Hey How are you!
Why dont we just go and get some coffee or martini (or both!)
But I would really think about this.
Like places you often go to.
IF SO, YOU NEED TO SET SOME RULES FOR YOUR BOYFRIEND.
You or the partner is too young!!!
Because they really don't love you.
best of both worlds just dont get caught!
in one TV shows I was surrprised by a 41 years old HOT BABE!!!
she doesn't go to sleep at night?
ok, that is just weird I am assuming  your younger.....
It isn't good for your child to be there either, so get out while you still have your sanity!!!
We usually mean more than what we say, so we figure you do too :))
this is a really awful thing to do!
unless you are famous, forget it.
as TexasCowgurl said a guy who look at the outer not all guys are like that
1 Corinthians 13 That's if you wanna know what love really means!
it wont be very enjoyable the first time.
This should please him a lot
No do not call his butt.If he still had feelings for you then he would be callin you!
IT DOESN'T MATTER IF HE WAS OR WASN'T .
it depends if your friend want or don't want you to have sex with him/her
get over it and get on with life
Seriously, I never knew life could be this great!
Probably... hey, there are plenty of fish in the sea!
i mean it's just a color.
but u half to think do u really want to B with this guy.
i think all girls should have hair.
Just break up with her, she CHEATED on you!!
in my opinion its perfectly o.k.
back way off before you lose a best friend.
I LIKE YOUR HONESTY, BUT DUDE GROW UP.
in my opinion he has found someone else.
CREATE SEXUAL TENSION LIKE THEY DO ON FILM AND TV.
I find that odd that guys spend that much time talking about it, blaming themselves.
First off, I am fat, so I'm going to say this as bluntly as I can.
2ND WHAT WRONG WITH YOU AND YOUR FAMILY.
Now nothin is left,she is wth him and im left alone.
whatever she says then you must follow.
How can a loser ever win?
She won't stop talking about him and its getting on my nerves!
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo!
are you sure you two are still going out?
I can turn the lights off for him, you know what I mean?
IT IS A BATTLE , BUT WHAT DO YOU CHOOSE?
that is when it would feel like adultry
i dont know really this is hard!
why would you want to chat with turkeys?
untill then ask quetsions that people, other than me, wil answer.
Man, did I learn that the hard way....
A HOE YA JUST DO IT ON THE BACK OF THE CAR, BUT A LADY SURE.
do you prefer a man that expresses his emotions freely(even crying)?
just stay friends with them both right now.
Just start kissing her softly on her neck and shoulder.
tell them Im leaving..........come back later....lol
Tell her you have been wondering about dating.
Trust you are just a kid.
your child shouldnt grow up in an enviroment like that.
but it's not normal if in ur age u don't have any single crush.
Like, let me give you an example.
why dont you marry with the daughter of your mamoon.
or does he think I have problem in sex?
isn't this the wrong category to be asking this question?
ask you self again do you really love him?
it felt like eating a lot of chocolates and throwing up after.
Just say - I LOVE YOU
Honey I'm not sure what to tell ya.
I'm a hair and eye guy.
yes i have been with him for 12years.
find something you both like and buy it for her.
heck yes, you would do for me sweetie!
You just have to pick the right one.
in your closet with the lights out ?
but it would be better for you marriage.
first of all didnt it hurt you when you found out she was cheating on you?
are the girls like the one from american teen movies.
they want to skeet on u
Uh....no, because re rarely even fart.
My opinion, take your time, girl!
if you expect to do good in college.
depends on who ur with, but this one guy kissed me, and the next thing I knew.
I told ALL off my friends that I liked him.
oooo.looks like you jumped in too soon.
i think everyone is a little nervous there first time having sex.
Preferbly both but money would probly win
first of realize your relation.. and then ask this question again..
GET OUT and never look back!
what ever you do dont try to pressure guys to be more emotional.
Sounds like some idiots I know.
second:  since when is a girl asking for $$$ ok???
i can imagine but i'm not a girl
Evertime he talks my heart beats faster!
that way you guys get to talk and enjoy an afternoon stroll, and you both get to work out.
loves not easy so dont be so anxious.
that lazy son of a B***** .
NOTWITHSTANDING THE RELATIONSHIP WILL STEM FROM THE LOVE AND AFFECTION EVERY WOMAN DESERVES.
once i had a broken heart, crying all the time, didn't want to do anything.
just tell them, don't insalt them, but be honest.
yOU MEAN...WHAT...MORON HOW CAN UR OWN SISTER WANNA HAVE SEX WIT CHA PLEASE GROW UP
My husband got his that way.
Just reading your question upset me!
10 months to go hahahaha   1.
Hope this can help to you alot.
i love to do math it just depends on what subject it`s on.
depends... a dude looking for a wife would prob go to church.
if she likes him enough that is.
IN THE SCHOOL DAYS I LIKE THE VERY BIG ASS OF MY CLASS TEACHER  I DONT KNOW WHY?
i dont think its right for him to be doing this.
dude - don't believe a single word of what these women tell you.
DON'T RUSH INTO ANYTHING THOUGH, YOU MIGHT END UP AS A JOHN DOE.
there into guys, you just dont know it and its not cool to show it.
WHAT CAN I POSSIBLY BE DOING WRONG.
My bf wants to have sex & of corse we'll use a condom.
Now that he obviously knows, it's between me and him!
what happened if your boyfriend forget about your b-day do you think he cheaten?
am sure u too wuld b rotten rite??
however he is the type of guy that all the girls want.
Some men are bi-curious, just like some women are.
(met him through me and my bf)
I'm not a fan of guys wearing pink
Just make sure you're not the rebound girl!
he dosn't deserve you if he acts like he dosn't care, however, have you asked him about it?
She isn't going to take the news well, no matter how you approach her on it, so just don't.
If you are a Christian then no!
But life should be made easier by the one you love.
Every time I look into my girlfriend's eyes, I can see the beach.
the guy before me is a dumbass.
2 or 3 times a week
ONE, THERE IS NO RESPECT SHOW ON YOU AND YOUR BOYFRIEND.
although it can go too far.
Get some courage and ask him!
You are killing your family and friends.
ok so if it's with another person.
It was fun to whisper in her ear months later, I saw you nekkid!
Have you tried LISTENING to her?
you should not stay in a relationship that makes you miserable.
NOW I WEAR MY ANNIVERSY RING,WEDDING BAND AND THEN MY ENGAGEMENT RING.
be true to your self always...
you're not a bad person... it is just being true to your self!
coz there may be a way to control her.
sit down and talk with him.
but he won't call to talk face to face.
Okay, first off...How old r u?
and how do i find out?
Because your 10th anniversary has to be super-special anyway.
I know Leo is a good match
Things that make both of you feel good!!!
if he keeps giving you the eye.
how to i convince her to come and hang out and spend the nite like everyone else does.
A lot of girl like guys to be up front:-)
Once a cheater always a cheater in my book.
don't stay, u might get emotionally attached and that would hurt u.
If you don't know if you are ready then YOU ARE NOT READY!!!
So your'e saying you're always HORNY!
it's kinda harsh but it worked for me.
Keep searching... things that aren't meant to be, wont happen.
it its not, you can ask is it wrong to be st8?
and besides look at my pic, im no hunk either
I FOUNG OUT WHEN I GOT A $600 CELL PHONE BILL.
love and hate...but really Love my friend
can u wait until he wants?
I hope you could find some good friends here, but always keep your eyes open ;)
If you don't trust her, that means you probably aren't doing your job in the bedroom.
if you want to, then do it.
I still think he's cute, i just don't like him.
Get your nails done or something.
i m 18yrs n wanna good caring n loving boyfriend or life partner
then it is meant to be .
im just looking for a friend...some one that i can talk too!
He says he still wants to be able to have sex but I told him no.
I love him but I can't continue like this!!
ya i think  should just wait for the right guy to come along
dont hang up on the relationship , you dont know how lucky you are in this world .
ignore him and dont annoy yourself to think about him
after they get married the chop off their beautiful hair and gain 50 lbs.
you are a pleaser, a helper, and maybe a martyr.
You loved this guy and he messed you up.
they are just more unashamed and freely talking about it
but not anymore with my bad boy *hehehe*
and you know for sure you can't avoid the fight.
weed or no weed, he is a LIAR!
but be careful love can also break your heart.
no its not wrong age aint nothin but a number
you are SO sweet, and i dont even know you!!!
the answer depends on how long u've been 2gether.
Or you just like looking like a sap.
is it ok or is it considered cheating
So he's a liar and definitely not the One.
Move on and don't look back.
Because girls in general are golddiggers.
as a man you are not supposed to hit any woman.
but remember if he is being a good father let him be the father.
Jesus hates pornography, but he hates people who look at it even more!
Because my boyfriend is too jealous and he won't let me go anywhere alone umless is my mom!!
give him a general valentine see how he responds.
I can hear myself think now.
because you hope they'll do the same for you (do they?)
BOTH OF YOU HAVE ALREADY MADE FAMILIES AND THINK THAT EVERYTHING WILL BE LIKE THE BRADY BUNCH.
all girls could be sexy in way way or another
A CHILD MOLESTER DOES NOT DESERVE ANYTHING WHAT HE DOES DESERVE IS TO GET HIS DICK CUT OFF!!!!!!!!!!!
Ok first of all why would you take a child to visit a child molestor?
is it on your best friend's body , or his girlfriend's?
infact i like the people here,they are hardworking and friendly.
But a MAN cries and you're like...whoa.
at least this girl is honest.
slowly you guys will become friends again.
throw in a couple of restraurant meals (about US$15 - ????...)...
ACTUALLY I AM FOUND OF BIG ASS FROM MY CHILD HOOD.
its turn on  men like it simple
Take care and don't worry, this IS fixable.
if ur married, & hes married, u both want to be together?
this is the best thing that could have happened to her.
has nothing to do with it
Then get the papers and ask her to sign them!
If he's honest and says he loves you go with it.
if you are not married yet  the answer should all be I have not...
honestly, men and women say that they need time, but its almost always for another person.
i am agree with travis 2005
so if his ur friend dont do anything that will ruin ur friends relationship
4) If u r tensed, don't shout at ur spouse.
You just don't see that now because you're grieving.
I never kissed her and ask her once how did she feel about sex.
so he can always take his balls and go home when hes tired of playing
My boyfriend and I just started dating.
instead of wondering just ask whats the worst he could say to you no
Just relax u can find girls all over the place.
THE GOOD OR THE BAD OF IT?
I don't think so, but it is worth a try/
5) Go out once in a while with ur spouse.
He finally asked me out and said soon he's gonna brake up with her.
i guess i could say yes.
kick em in the ribs then smash their head on a wall.
just wanted info on tis topic
She is 14 and shes starting to really cause serious problems with her dad and I!
is cute when the guys wearing pink
you can love them, but they might not in return
:)  I wouldn't worry about the average.
IS THERE ANY PROBLEM WITH ME?
if no change, it's time to get rid of her
i mean you dont have to leave her, just warn.
I didn't have it, as i didnt get married yet..and in Islam,, sex is only allowed for married couples..:))
i have called him twice since then.
Read my lips : You`re a MORON
why we say it?why we fall into it?
I think he is playing with you so fix this with his way and Im sure that will work
Some guys look better in pink than some women!
but first, u have to be happy too!
So i'm worried he might have changed his mind about wanting to still be with me!!
we have found so much more 2 get upset about than age!
Can't have it all unless they both still love him and are willing to share.
Instead of, Gee, I suck at finding a good man!
So what you have a crush on this guy.
no, they know its not proper-ladylike ya know?.
They do it just as the rest of the people who live in other countries!!
Im always too hot to too cold.
even if she says no, the friendship remains
2.Go to the park and have lunch!
Definitely not wrong if you're a chick!
go with him but keep it clean and no sex
Don't try to be a perfect person because no one is (not even the Canadian girl)lol!
funny acualy they don't fart untill they are married because they havn't got an a**** yet
Tell him no and give him an ultimatum, but be ready to walk if he chooses her over you.
what ever you do , do go slow and have fun warming up first.
its all in the eye contact.
he didn't say  the he was.
no way, you are stuck with it for life.
Man, just tell her and If its ment to be then it will be..........
ask her on the face u need not fear if she says a yes or a no
I guess inbetween would be best
Why dont men invest in their wives appearence?
to answer your question what is love.
everything is not and hopefully never will be on age!!
Which is great, since women, like men, should be taught to love (and respect!)
Some girls like to be kissed down there, some just want to kiss, depends.
if u dont love her, turn her down.
Should be JP right there where you can get your license.
but she hits and beats me so hard that i have to defend myself and end up hitting her.
love... is a think worth running all life after and die for/from...
(You should see them before hand) Ughhhh!
you stop going out with him because he is using you.
get some strange, but be safe.
Life is short, don't sweat the small stuff!
I am sure he likes u too !
and if i do love him , how do i make a move?
blue eyed blonde who cleans, cooks and makes your meals day in and day put without complaining about it...
i asked  can i tickle your feather?
!I would love some bf advice!!
Yeah I do luv her  a lot...
you are young it's puppy love.
if he doesnt want to be with you, why be with him?
no is not wrong and i think is cool
if you are not comfortable then leave or tell them that you have errins to run.
She was probably looking for a brother like relationship then sensed you were getting the wrong idea and split.
Don't waste your time with this guy.
Good Luck I know it is not easy.
in case you haven't heard, guys aren't that good at getting a hint and picking up on soft clues.
A lot of good men are out there.
My life with my husband was a living hell, but I stayed because I said I DO!
You'll just have to move on now I guess.
most guys just want sex but some look for romance and love
if you and him don't mind about that small age difference then don't care about what people say.
I have a daughter named Bethany!
I'm a junior now (he's a senior) and he still likes me.
lol, that happens to me ALOT 2
Last week she invited me to her birthday with her family, I went.
well, she obviously likes u, but u need to wait awhile to get her to open up
YOU HAVE TO KNOW WHEN TO SAY IT'S ENOUGH.
yes but only a freind and on the messenger only ok im danitza753 16/f/ca on yahoo messenger
Your messin with the wrong type of guys.
YOUR A BETTER PERSON THAN WONDERING IF'S .
Dont let him see it coming, though.
Remember, mostly it's if you love them!!
isn't that cute he leave his socks all over the floor .
I want an HONEST answer from those guys who know what im talking about.
I don't know man but that sound pretty scary.
to the extent i could die for the one i love.
pick up your sox and give her control of the remote control!
if it is the same person.
why of course...packing my suitcase now.
They ask so much question but all they want is a good conversation...  =) Cheers
make up but you wont get away with it
but what i really think that they should put to death just like a murderer
it depends.. some guys can carry them some don't
IM me at roguefire28 on yahoo messenger.
id never forgive myself if i said that to some one.
Don't worry about it too much.
a trailer dweller may like a gal who spits that chew far.
No i wouldnt because if you aint got no feelings for that person it just wouldnt seem right.
knowing the partner will be there when you wake up!
he's young as r u not really sure if your the one just yet.
Find another boyfriend, become a nun, anything but this!
that way, you get something as well ;)
and my boyfriend gave me two!
And when your around her just think of the thing you like most about her!
you can not read an answer to find that ifo out you have to ask her that  question.
Im warning only too those's who lie.
can someone tell how there are true people on yahoo and if there true how can you be sure
you know the usual cheating feeling.
for the sake of your child.
love the girl for who she is, not what her hair is like.
sure do love to collect friends!!!
THIS GUY HAS ALOT OF FRIENDS WHO ARE GIRLS.
my guy broke up with me over the phone fri.  i need to talk to him.
if you have money $40 to spare then goto a motel or ask a friend for his/her room.
That big spot between her ears.
if you want to...do it yourself.
let her do what she needs to do and then she'll cool out and so will you.
are u trying to be cute and funny?
No need to rush - really...
but it took me 6 months to figure it out.
he may not be ready for a relation ship but he shouldn't be treating u that way also.
it's called ATTRACTION .. bad boys use it most without knowing
I will not let someone run me out of my own house.
Even if he's hooking up for money people don't seem so concerned with it.
Once a week,  if your lucky...........
She needs to realize that you care about her health too and not just her looks.
why make her fall in love with you??
first: asking for sex is like... weird.
may be because we are unable to understand it
Stick aroung for more crap, or finish it off for real?
It looks like your batting {empty set} right now...
If she is a smart girl she can convince the guy to wait
So in return I feel like it gets cut short alot of times.
there is no sexier site than this!
You said you love her so you should stay.
Hi there .....  U should always think that sex is created 4 expressing love beyond talk and hag.
idont use fake pictures or fake descriptions.
Well...get to know her a bit.
to quote jay-z's song ladies is  pimps to go on and brush ya shoulder off
learn yourself, your needs and what you want in a person.
and since the house was in my name only .
THE SAME WILL HAPPEN FOR YOUR DAUGHTER AND YOUR BOYFRIEND,.
When you push, like in flirting, you attract the wrong kind of guy.
he tells me he got the email.
sometimes its love and sometimes there using them because they just want to have it!!
who knows what city folk like!
i not pretty sure what love is so that why i'm asking.
it's not that tough and it could actually help your relationship.
Most beautiful girl ive ever seen.
i dont think so,its actually something you can do with your spouse
otherwise send her to her friends house.
once u truly love a person, u'll feel it inside u that u need to protect that somebody.
Cept the girl was in my english class, not science.
And I'm not fat either- 5'2 110 lbs
My fav body part is my 38D boobs.
a man will say, he has the best of both worlds.
I really like this guy but i don't even know if he nows im real??
But dont call him then it will seem like your lonely!
if he's shallow and maybe slightly rude, u can know 4 sure that he's only looking for good looks.
watch them secretly you will find a guy who realy loves you....  best wishes nick jishnu_vv@yahoo.com
You win some and you lose some.
Your bf should be the one to tell her that it's just not gonna happen.
But don't worry if you keep looking you'll find it.
make him jealous, do the things he does to u...and have fun!
i am attracted to bigger women, but when you think about it all women are sexy to someone
the lieing part is worse than the weed smoking(in a relationship)
My dear, you are only 18 years old!!!
in my opinion once a cheater always a cheater.
tell her that shes just not the one for u
All of us girls want the best guy possible!
God just shows u way if u belive in that.
Now to a straight guy it's probably getting together and hanging out, going to party, and stuff like that.
HE WOULD STILL BE THWERE IF HE WAS.
don't shave your chest, its a waste of time.
Don't jump before learning how to walk !
kid,just concentrate on study first to avoid too much drama and heartaches,lolz!
you might find a new avenue for fun and spice up your love life all at the same time!
oh well, tell her if mom can join too.
But never taken time off to see me.
Well right me to see how it  goes!
In life, If your good at math, your bad at english.
i wish i had a brother as nice as you.
its depend on guys but i want she's cute,sexy,beautiful eyes,long hairs,smile and looking innocent.
You shouldn't feel bad ourselves remeber thisFool me once shame on you but fool twice shame on me
she brings my friends and co workers in the problem, i just need some help.
Sure I get called a B@#$!
His passion for life and the Lord!
I KNOW I AM NOT THE HOTTEST THING.
What if gals wear men's undergarments?
And that would be a huge problem.
makes for a good ice breaker.
If its male/male u may wanna sink a bottle of JD first!
just because they know french and english?
Respect means dont flirt in front of her and never forget shes your one and only love.
You are a jerk on the real.
boys are bad with dates in general .
although some people say it just to say it.
as a guy i can tell you he loves you.
If you got a kid, your life never will be as you dream of ...not now, never!
yeah sweetie you guys really dont pay attention to details.
Only if you think he really likes you!!!!
some ppl would like to know
i would say that it was bad because he said that YOU were the one goin over.
I think it's because women believe they don't deserve any better, and that is sad!
He probably isn't cheating, he's probably just stupid (like me).
=] Anyway, I've heard enough guys say horrible things about big-bellyed women.
You wanna kiss someone you really love.
its always a bad idea to have a relationship at work
e-mail or fax her: Dear /name/!
go out on a date with someone!
demonstrate how much fun and better it would be for her if you were her man.
(try asking for his # or offering him yours.
girl...u shouldnt even need advice for this answer.
OK, I'M THINKING YOU'RE SINGLE SO THIS IS WHAT YOU CAN DO.
Not sure if I believe in destiny or not
Just smile and tell him/her ya not interested.
550-894, well do you think you deserve it ?
i mean how can anyone now you better then a friend.
when ur ready to have sex then do it.
Either that or all the guys you hang out with are, well this is yahoo, meanie weanie's.
tell him he can take his swingin ass elsewhere!
ur not gonna have a problem with new culture, ur gonna like it...try and see
start by simply asking the person.
I dont think u lost ur guts.
MAKE IT LAST A FEW DAYS, IF NECCESSARY.
Then, when you're not looking...the right one will come along!
I am right here, but im married sorry lol
be confident and tell her you'll be the best boyfriend she'll ever have.
chatting in internet is become comman things.
My husband has become the man I married!!!!!!!
I have told here that I want to hang out outside work but whatever I do we never do.
i mean show to him a good atittude!!
if he was abusive, you shouldn't get jealous and you should just move on.
its not a disease you could catch or anything.
Hey,    Well you I know you've probly already heard this but just be yourself!
i like plump women cause they arent shaped like a guy and are all curvy and hippy.
don't make a big deal about it or you'll fuel her drive.
my e-mail adresses is pomonagrl909@yahoo.com  e-mail me back
A nice punch to the face.
Come on you can do it!
if you stay at hame with it then they say there is something wrong.
i know how how it feels to be heart broken and i know that it is not easy.
she said of course there is.
tell  him  to  go to the  local  strip club
You don't tell her to lose weight.
wana hav friends and meet pipol with interesting thots and experiences to share... email me...shainne24@yahoo.com
I don't think that's such a bad thing but my friends want me to get over him.
she just broke up with him like 2-3 days ago.
Apparently, he's playing you, so don't fall for that one!
if your married go find a counselor becasue living with a cheeter is very hard.
No kidding, she really is over there >>>>>>
I think she afraid to leave him.
it doesn't have to be expensive just do things that she likes all week, but don't tell her!!!
they don't want to hurt your feelings
UM..........  ok, you seriously need to talk to this guy.
Hi, my name is _________ .
two positives gives you no television to watch gay guys bumping nasties.
If you don't, you won't know what your missing.
well, ask her out; ya never know unti lyou try.
i suggest you could wait for it to go or place a make-up on it hahaha!
If she doesn't want to sign them, then she needs to get her shit together!
dont feel bad ive been with mine for 3 years and he forgets every year
i think he likes u but afraid to start relationhsip.
I couldn't do it becaus eI'm shy.
I say to both of you...Congradulations!
Unless it's someone disgustingly wealthy - like Bill Gates.
Finally give yourself time to heal.
she is not the first women to tell me that
My b/f and i just recently had a baby and i have 3 others.
so my point is that it's kinda true what you said.
what kind of hints do guys give girls when they are cheating?
The man is an idiot, because he wants his cake and eat it too.
i don't blog or use myspace, but the people i know that do are all full of cr*p.
If you really love him then I would when alone stroke his penis.
never heard of friendster... i have myspace n xanga
just last week my boyfreind and some buddies left out of town for a project at work.
lol that would be so pimp.
oh yes it reallt works go for it
if he can't trust you to go out and see friends, then you should break up with him.
He said he broke up with her.
he might not only like you as a friend, but he might like you more!!
does not condone it, then love away.
360) and we're together for one year.
one on each side, lol, we were really going at it.
you two would just be fine ... dont worry about it buddy .
so don't see the person shortcomings or faults .
Not wanting kids to not have a father.
The fact that you are asking Yahoo!
I say that because most people don't get married then fall in love.
I don't want things between me and her to get lost.
Because guys want what they can't have.
And he wants to look around.
They stop callin as much he stops callin u by ur nick name?
But if hunk kind or extra smart kind probably a bit of over enthusiasm and ofcourse lies :D
if you enjoy munching on the carpet knock yourself out
I know how it is the little girl might don't want you around her and her dad.
and he can do what he wants and its all good.
talk to her ask her out pick her up un exspected
WELL THATS A HARD ONE IDD KNOW WHAT YOU SHOULD DO.
Just go n tell him upfront.
RUSSIAN AND MOST FOREIGN WOMEN ARE GENERALLY GREAT COMPANIONS, ESPECIALLY IF THEY ARE RESCUED FROM A HARSH ENVIRONMENT.
I feel like Dear Abby so just listen to that and you will not be screwed.
my daughter i couldnt live with out her!
The funny thing is: my actual girlfriend found me on the web (community websites like Yahoo!
Think about it, you see a woman crying and its no biggie.
Get a porno movie and do everything they do.
im interested, but im not pretty...
give it to him so atleast heknows u like him
I realy like a guy but i don wana tell him coz he is goin out with someone else.
well...not for me,and idk what to do.
but will she love you back is the question...
but if you try real hard you get what you need
Again if it has to do with a guy?
she seems to think that i never let her say what she wants.
She looks at me with this evil grin and walks off!
no, i've done it before in the past.
maybe if you listen, and let her talk, things will get better.
fall in love first.. sex will be automatic
I was like you, i like her from de begining but thigs didn't happen at first.
He doesn't freak with u no more?
i love him ALOT and my boobish friends are SO STUPID and accually left me + him alone together!!
you dont have to do anything that you dont want to do.
but keep it slow and simple.
use words like imagine, what if, dream, and vision.
When its on a fella dat can pull it off its great!
it's because you're attacted to the wrong type of guys.
Most of the girls I know don't blame the guy like that unless he cheated on her or something.
Because most men dump you after two days!
If not, best of luck to you in your education!
many teens begin their sexual life at this age, youger is worser, older is worser :)
go to yahoo messenger chat room... look for turkey n join it.
yeah nobody knows who seth is.
he is not me thats why
simply have courage, tell him again about ur love that u r thinking to make ur relationship deeper.
He will either show up later on or he wont.
Magic 8 Ball says, Ask again later
well i suggest giving it a shot, come on over i'll help yah figure it out!
GET OFF YOUR  BUM     AND ASK THEM STRAIGHT OUT.
is it they want a relation or just ***.
What the sense of saying it everyday if in reality you didn't mean it?
Dang don't do that, evidence will be splattered all over the damn place!
Hope you find the one that makes you smile.
sometimes it takes a bit of time to meet the right guy.
Must be all in my head, you think?
Then flirt with every good looking guy u meet.
This way, I try not to hurt her
do handsome men consider dating women their own age?
that's the funny thing about love!
Just a few things to think about
gosh u are supposed to have children soon.
THEN FILL THE TUB WITH SPAM AND JUMP IN...WHEN YOUR MATE GETS HOME.....LOL
that would be your wife or your husband (depends on your sex)
he'll be worrying wat happened to u?
next time...tell him to give ya a hicky somewhere that your mom won't see it (wink wink)
start by asking...do you want to spend the rest of your life with me?
Have a party to cheer you up!
yea her names olivia  im soo jealous
give him a dollar, and ask him to get an airticket to france..
Don't worry, a guy will like you.
thats what do hey think,in other words they like action not words...
i'll be glad to  help  u in every metter the best i can
no but its much more for to make a lot of noises
i mean damn, ive got a life too!!!
guys who have casual sex are also considered sluts by many girls.
Your life is not worth his horniness!
Our brain ;) Focus on that...
ya he's in my left pocket hanging out with two nuts
if he says he loves you and he's still sticking it out with you then he really loves you
i have never heard of that
If you find two, let me know!
second date yeah a kiss is fine.
Well I guess...you are a Filipino working abroad, right?
yuk... i cant imagine sombody liking that sort of thing...
i think u should be straightforward... tell him how u feel...
There are kind women out there that are just not interested.
are you closer with one of them?
no you aren't the only person that feels this way.
You sound like a really nice person maybe to nice.
u r doing a great mistake man...ur life and ur family think abt that...
it's not right but yeah leaglly
)Um,kiss him and tell him u love him ect.And always,BE YOURSELF!
And be sure to stop if she says stop!
I don't think this would be bad at all.
I dont spend much time at all with them.
has this ever happened to anyone else?
Most guys don't really care if you have a little bit but don't get carried away.
we broke up again and are now just friends.
when it goes beyond your limits
and think me as frnd  need to discuss anthing just  put a mail at  pleasent_kamal@yahoo.com.
You like him and so what?
tell him u want to get mor serious
if he asks just tell him yes.
Your answer should be the same.......NO!!!!
u r right, but once she had a relationship with him then she will regret.
Well it depends what kinda stuff, you werent very specific about that.
i don't think so, unless you eat twinkies while you are doing it.
that person always will always notice you
HIS REPLY WILL BE THAT HE YOU ARE NOT HIS MOTHER.
You know what to do agent21257
no breathing no moving no thinking no living  anything i'm missing?
for me  when i say love you.
if ur bf cares for u, he will go slow and make sure ur not in pain.
it takes longer to go up than it does to go down
But i guess you would just feel it.
if she had a boyfriend when u wer broke up ....don't do it....it will hapen again :(...
how could some one fell in love.
You are gonna be in big trouble.
Stay friendly with both of them, if they break up then think about asking her out.
to me i want a fithfuly girl and good loking and alitel of smart
lol good question i would go to work
marriage... the only one that wins is.... no one... how to win.... be the bigger yeller
u shouldn't even ask this question in public!
it's just normal to have crushes or idolize some people.
Say Yes dear to everything she says... :)
dont tell ur bestfriend because u will ruin ur life!
im 26 next month and i couldnt imagin beng married right now.
girl's don't bee afraid of answering, and also rating my question from me to all of you girl's.
leave because hes using you and no one wants to be treated like that
fool, go n watch a XX movie.....
It's not like u askd his permission when u wanted to marry some1 else.
maybe you're just too perfect for them.
I might chat with you, make some funny comment, but in my case, I'm just having fun.
I met my wife on the internet.
go 4 it and make him want u even more!
that means unfortunately he's not really into u.  ur just a time filler.
I need help!Im going to marry this man and I cant do this forever
I'm not entirley sure, I have the same problem too
To miss  special one and think for all time its mean I am in love
2) IF THESE GUYS DON'T KNOW EACH OTHER.
I am not a boy but i guess they do if u know what i mean!!!!!
Dont let others hate on people because their not like u and me....get it!
the person will understand u n will leave u
Think of things she has mentioned.
this guy liked me since Freshman year.
who  is seth and do he go to rochester high
Just answered another Q of yours!
No apparent reason why....just go with the answer...NOPE!
yes it will hurt a lil, mostly ull just feel pressure.
this is the most naive question I ever heard from anybody........ASK HER......shis.....
The ones i saw on there were gorgeous tho!
why would you want to her orgasm quickly, take your time with her and she will enjoy it.
Thats the deal the stump gets.......
you both dicsuus this with your spouses , and get married, better u advice ur spouses to get married
mini carrots, super healthy and very clean
ok, i really like this guy.
if my vital tool is only less than 15cm?
May I ask what yours is?
no because boys i no dont like girls goning there
A QUESTION WITH A QUESTION WHERE ELSE WOULD YOU TAKE A LADY?
white gauzy material over a 4 poster bed and lots of pillows.
I can't give a straight yes or no.
she feels no else will want her
In the meantime, just be happy and have fun in high school!
it doesn't sound like it is serious.
Hugs & Kisses,  the same way i do.. :)
every women has a great part you just need to find it!
i try to be as truthful as i can.
I think it's too young for u to make it.
maybe she feels she needs ypur money.
stockings with the seam in the back, sexy conservative is very hot
never ever go in 2 a relationship if it seems 2 good 2 b true!
not yet still waiting for the right guy
BUT I THINK ACTION SPEAKS BETTER THAN WORDS
by leaving him/er alone for sometime...
You need to ask that person...again if you cant trust why would you marry?
my friend goes from guy to guy weekly!
get U'r satisfaction that way Ok.
clean shaven if you have a six pack, or if you just arent fat.
i think in in love with this guy, but i dont know for sure.
Yes you can is she doesn't have a boy friend.
You run up the heat.You da man.Tell her dat she jus gon' have to walk round naked.
It's more than obviously shown..... but they still won't say it!
I AM NOW IN A NEW RELATIONSHIP AND I AM AFRAID OF THE SAME THING AGAIN.
wait until 24, 19 is too soon.
This will cause disturbances between u & ur spouse.
It's tough but you need to move on.
Give it up and let it go.
So long as you are a good person, who cares if you are gay or straight?
run if she cant say no to the kids what does that say about her?
you said you love her so completely.
A Big mac costs about US$2.00 here?
like myself, i am a closeted bi- male.
But don't latch on to just anyone.
i'm not making fun of the question.
who is 30, never married, of indian origion and looking for LIFE-PARTNER....????
Right now sounds good to me
How would you feel if she went around flirting with other men?
when its all you think about!
if her man come after you and you can't divert it at all cost.
sorry but i don't think it would work out between us would be good.
If you do give him your #.
well, i'm 30 and so of course i have an opinion on this.
Because most bad boys put up pretences and lie a lot and unfurtunately girls love such.
But your 2 young hes young.
but she wouldn't leave the house .
do you really know what love is .
If a woman knows you are maried chances are she is not comfortable wit you flirting with her.
Yes, I was married to him, didn't like him..and still had sex with him.
who think heavy-set latinas with brunette, long hair are sexy?
Women sooo don't work that way.
i think hes not because he married kim
all he wants me to do all the time is change to what he wants.
It can do if you want it to.
THE ONLY THING THAT I CAN TELL YOU TO DO IS PUT IT BEHIND YOU AND FOCUS ON SCHOOL.
do you know him at all?
I pretty much had it with this guy.
he said that he wants to have group sex with his friend and his friend is a guy!
Spank him for being a badboy.
how would it like to be dead?
Tell him straight out...honesty is best :)
and while they are on the ground.
and if you gain weight even after the first time?
If your asking suck a stupid question.
alot of things it might be.
It depends on if you are a guy or a girl.
base on experience: LEO, LIBRA, Aquarius, Aries and GEMINI  other thn tt: DONT
As they say on Oprah...she needs to drop that zero and get herself a hero.
i dont think we are hiding.
Even though you should not be asking that.
it will become ur last date
but i know what my favorite part is!
How can I tell if a guy is obsessed with me?
You think of some one else besides your wife don't you.
Even if its the molestors own child.
Should I go for the guy I like best or the one who likes me best???
My bedroom, a hotel room seems a little horish like she's not worth my time
just act like you never informed anyone... lolz
you probably need to listen to her!
no way hoze ask me y at xxjudychepxx@yahoo.com
Does he play with you like your a friend or is he flirting with you?
if they don't, don't bother with them
you just need to use your imagination!
take  some  time  alone  to  see if  you   guys   are  really   for each   other
And he says he loves me too.
so dont keep ur tongue to urself... lol
If you like it then why not!
Or if ou are 2 nervous see if you guys could play some 1 on 1 sometime.
When I can let it all go is when its AWESOME.
but we have usually 1 times/day & in weekend we have 2 or 3 times/day
pinch him real hard and pinch the day before your next birthday.
tell your sis to do something for u. and get rid of ur friend.
because it's fun, and it's rewarding too.
just call me at my cell fone and lets have a spring wedding, ok?
Be yourself and if they don't like it than f**k them!
You are both adults already..... so I guess the question would be..... WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU???????
and u will most likely bleed a lil, but u will be fine, it gets better.
if u dont mind my asking.. U just havent met d right 1..
just go out and have fun, get a free dinner, and if n e thing happens, good.
have a talk and give them the first 5-10 minutes to talk.
let her feel that you care for her feelings,for us is very important you have no idea!
or maybe you just act like you are.
it is very good now u found ur best friend and u will be friends for ever
you should keep liking him because you never no he might ask you out
generally the same thing as you
THATS WHATS MESSED UP ABOUT YOUR QUESTION.
you don't know what kind of crazies are out there!
!good luck I hope it works out for ya
wen the other have noting else to say to prove his point then u win ..
you find ways to support ur argument
FOR THAT I ADVISE A SIMPLE ANSWER WHICH NO ONE LIKE ...MAKE UR GF AS UR LIFE PARTNER
sorry didn't mean to ask so many questions in my answer, just consider them retorical.
you have to wonder about how much he really cares.
Everything about them, I personally like and prefer the waist, stomach and the behind goodness... oh!
when you make the difference between infatuation and true love not just lust!
i got jealous, also when my ex boyfriend started going out with my friend.
There's more to life than that kinda stuff...
You just have to do it.
meaning that your television or your radio wont play without a negative and a positive.
then come back a lot later.
dude, stay the heck away from this girl man....wow.
i had a guy who would always make me horny and then i'd be ready, but he'd chicken out
A lot of guys love girls with curves.
But he is getting married this month.
guyz with beard, guyz with mustashe, or guyz who shave their facial hair?
First off, don't try and be something your not, you've got something to offer, remeber that.
go to college but keep in touch breaks weekends the telephone internet hun get your education!
It didn't cost even $100 total.
flip a coin see whats best to do...
Then if you feel a spark ASK HER OUT~JUST YOU TWO!!
because bad boys are frickin hot, sexyful, adventurous, and VERY VERY FUN and i love mine sooo much!!!
Why u spoil a women life.
And still looking tired of even thinking about dating.
Sounds to me like you are a comfortable pit stop!
Any girl with big tits is sexy
UNLESS YOU'RE IN HIGH SCHOOL OR YOUNGER, THERE IS NO DIFFERENCE
oh and i dont work so that is out for making him leave.
or eyeball chat so we can see each other
Don't wait until she's dragged you through the mud!
HOWEVER----i find him looking at me every now and then.
IN MY LAST RELATIONSHIP I WAS CHEATED ON.
JERRY JERRY JERRY BEAT HIS A$$
n plz thnk abt ur man-- am sure u dnt wanna hurt him too.
and i just came to terms with that myself.
if you like him give it to him
SO SWEAT THE SMALL STUFF AND BE THE BIGGER PERSON IN THE SITUATION.
Comes home when ever he wants.
you can download it from the website below :)
kiss him it will tell everything
love well u cant have an anwser to love its there or its not
5~my di*k big 4~im single 3~im not gone tell nobody 2~i neva ate pu**y 1~i love you.
I do - but my ex is a girl too, so what is there to do?
it doesent matter if a person is gay or st8 that dosnt difine them.
if he is in a position of authority, it can be a great release for him!
Have fun, be safe, and keep looking!
I even thought of sending her photos to the magazine,MAXIM
they have really bad memory when it comes to dates.
Perhaps she thinks she won't find someone else.
you might want to try this: try just ignoring him for a day and talk nicely the next.
check out the site history on the computer
Give him some ***** I'm pretty sure he'll appriciate it.
Thats what woman do in there!
YES, I love big round butts....
Get your boyfriend to go a little lower next time!
u have to take a risk *who dares?
take me to a consert like from 1 of my fav bands...  somethin low key i hate high maintnace.
depends on how he does it.
Guys, when they in the mood, kinda like take off your pants and let's go!.
When you are ready to move on lots of good people are out there (okay, some weird ones, too!).
a fire under  my  azz  makes  me really  hot
well girl if you have 5 guys all interested in you, you should be flattered, and proud.
you can't help them, they need to help themselves.
she is my sister's best friend and she likes one of my friends.
yeah i'll talk with ya email me uncontrollablelegend@yahoo.com
but could think like a girl like that if nessary to help with gift chosing.
risks are hard but, you have to try.
If you mean go out, NO.
And have a follow up talk with this same person later.
life is how you make it let the boys drule on you
I mean, you love him sure, but thats a lot to commit to for the next 80 years.
My family & friends say if I think it, it comes out my mouth!
it doesnt hurt if the guy doesnt stick IT in hard
the chick is probably lying to you, cheating on you, and worst, probably don't exist.
eventually he will get caught start saving your own money now.
Well, find someone that you don't see over the net.
(you were talking about that kind of balls right?)
that's how i got my girlfriend (and we've been together for 4 years now).
dont do anything or have any relationship becuse as we people say bros before hoes.
that was so geeky.... but seriously be safe!
but worn a little at a time like a pink dress shirt with some jeans...yeah, that looks good!
but making her to luv u isn't always possible..:)
Guys and girls think differently..but you already knew that.
Just play around with it - you'll figure it out.
You can't help who you love.
has any one come up with creative idea's for renewing your marrital relationship?
i don't see anything wrong with it.
dont waste your time with that one.
Think back to some of the things that got both of you going in the first place.
this is not a true question, is it ?!!!
you'r not only lazy but also an idiot.
or, i want to be more close to u than we r now.
I think I can help you!!
You don't want it to end like that.
If she says no, that is her desicion and dont push the safety zone.
It is not about her mom , it is between you two .
hmmm....   met him already but not sure, if we really are meant to be... lolz.
when you cant stop thinking of him/her.
it could but most likely no, because your young and so is he.
Dont run and tell him you love him.
PLZ PLZ help a sistah out!!!!!!!!!
see i like this guy but i think this girl is really cool
if this man is good in bed he will satisfy you in other ways.
its called insist ummm no, you're thinking of incest, and thats only if you're related, not a friends cousin...
forget him become my boyfriend and i promise i will never break up with you.
try to move on it is hard but it would be harder if you do not move on.
No haters about this question now...
so you can read our answers but nothing else.
Sounds foolish, but works like a dream.
well, it is in no way wrong.
Badboys are edgy, they are not boring(not that many good guys are).
like when they deck out in all pink....ok, that's just gay.
First date - All the way.
your eyes can say more than your words ever could.
You sound like an idiot,  you should do nothing.
Your bf should be the on telling her.
Just walk up to her and tell her.
dont forget to video tape it if you do.
Instead of interupting her all of the time????
i just believe that guys can have sex even with a cow(literally)
I mean, on or off the thing, u'r not hotter, dude.
theres nothing wrong its just dont flirt talk share intrest date dont just excpect to get someone that fast
but in privacy of home or in a park-let 'er rip!
and you shouldnt have to put up with it either.
or looks but at times these are important too!
you should expect the best of yourself .
no every one is different u cant help how u are thats just the way it is!!!!
by meeting someone else - someone better hopefully.....
I'm trying to get some and my daughter is always awake.
u cannot.but all i know is, all u can do is fall in love,then get married.
well it depends on there health there love and how sweet they are !
do what she tells  you to do   lol
and was planning on renting it out after she moves out to me.
FRENCH:JE T'AIME SPANISH:TE AMO OR YO QUIERO I THINK..IM NOT SURE
just wiat it will all come out all right
I mean those hot girls can get any guy but they just wanna be with girls.
Remember theres always more fish in the sea, easier said then done.
C'mon are you tellin your best friend like he is?
we need more info in order to give you a good answer!!
Take things slow and have fun.
Just save your life and the other 2 women please.
but, do not hear about it till the weekend.
WAIT TIL YOU GET MARRIED YOU HUSBAND WILL APPRECIATE THAT AND SO WOULD YOUR BODY!
oh yeah... the answer to what temp is NORMAL... 70 - 72... thats from a jersey tempered gentleman...
hello shainne...im here in cebu...yes,,we can be friends...shengz10@yahoo.com
Make it fun and be creative.
plus she see;s how vurnerable, and unhappy he is.
If it's not OK with her, it's really no OK, is it?
then you can address her letter once you've read it.
i realy don`t care... if i wanna wear it i just wear it, no matter what color will be.
Eyebrows are very noticable, especially if they look like Ernies (from Sesame Street)!
sweety u nt stay wit da guy whoom u have been wit!!!
Run away, it could be dangerous!!!!!!
go for the one is going to make you happy.
they always say they are sorry - but they don't stop...
marry him just playin just hold on to him
If you find one.....let me know if she has a sister.
i think you should be up on your toes and keep a good watch on this guy.
Telling someone you love them will never sound desperate if you really mean it.
It's been like this for almost 1 year.
I hate girl's that lie, and if your one of them im deleting it off!
It's just a serious thing so.
maybe a leather outfit and a soft whip?
One thing, don't have a friend do it.
girl please dont be dumb and dont listen to the first couple hoes above.
but righ now he is confused.
Basically, I'm afraid to move on.
people break up for a lot of different reasone.
no that is just sooooooo wrong...sorry
i heard the girl on cheaper by the doson say that the guy had one of thier 12 kids
n im only in 8th grade.
So ronely... so ronely and brue...
I HAVE COMPLETELY FALLING FOR THIS GUY I WOULD DO ANYTHING TO HELP HIM REACH HIS HIGHEST POTENTIAL.
WE HAVE BEEN TALKING FOR ABOUT 2 MO.AND WE BOTH I CARE FOR HER.SHOULD I BRING HER OVER?
coz its also like saying going beyond the extra mile.
agree with the woman in the pink
not only her, but you and your children will too.
i just go ahead and ask him out
do you have a cell phone?
YOU JUST HAVE TO TELL THEM THAT YOU LIKE THEM ANDSOME WILL DUMP YOU AND SOME WILL NOT.
I like her but i dont no if she likes me.
and when u call him u only talk 4 a few minutes?
You can look but you can't touch!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
There are so many guys out there.
thats why someone came with self pleasure  lol
Ask him out, kiss his cheek, instead of a hand shake give him a hug, ect.
And i don't just mean dirty things!!
you gotta tell him to back off.
for one thing shes popular, pretty, and taller than me.
She has to be a Christian.
bt if u r satisfied thn all i wuld say is greed is really bad
I pick it up and just stare at it.
Don't say , Its not you, its me.
dude, what you said made absolutely no sense.....
if there is grass on the field, it is time to play ball
But I say do whatever you think looks best.
dont act like you want but try to get him to like you
or ,that we dont wanna lose him so we say it.
Get every guy something that they will like.
Hmm...cold hard cash is nice, but if they ain't got the looks, they might as well keep moving on.
does she sleep with you guys??
leave because he obviously isnt taking the relationship seriously so why should you
she dumped him a week ago.
I want an HONEST answer from those guys who know what im talking about.
dont tell him, well i wouldnt, and if he likes you then he should tell you!!!
how could i fell in love.
Don't you have family, girlfriends, any hobbies like working out or movies or volunteering or anything!?
me and my bf have been going out for 3 months and i know he really likes me.
only if the man is not wearing granny-pants,to saggy in the back
go for it age is just a number
Try asking her to go n c a movie together.
even the greater ppl we love the die and we go on.
1) get rid of everything reminding urself of her.
I used to go shopping alot at the grocery store.
Well there is no real way to do this.
Maybe he's not really bi - he just prefers guys to you :)
both of you have to decide.
once caught they never ever should be back on the streets again.
but theres just too much drama...
now seems like he only pays good attention to me in bed - That would be your problem.
well i am a girl with very long hair.
Sure it is nice to wake up to a massage, but come on!
personally i dont believe in being gay,lezbein or bisexual.
Like  I have a problem..........or I'm upset that.....& don't interupt until the other person is finished...It works.. try it
tell them, it's a dating service, there's lots more people in the service other than you.
than an average looking guy who looks clean and tidy and dressed well?
What if she's the worst ever in bed when the time finally comes?!
-- What did he learn from his divorce?
I would do IT with IT...
Ask him if you can both get promise rings.
Be a STRONG black man and suck it up.
Don't rush, get to know each guy better and then choose the one you think is best for you.
try to sleep with the waiter.
it's just as hard to find the right boy!
my ex cheated on me, but ill always like him still.
NEVER TELL YOUR SISTER OR ANYONE ELSE!
candy and a nice hand made card ;)
go on a diet & exercise.
If its at work its ok.
we have been married for 5 years and have 2 great kids.
you're probably starting to see the other side of him and i'm not talking about physical stuff here.
But if you really want to get rid of him, just talk to him and say so.
!i dont have anything against fruity people but you seem to be fruity urself!
you must think on why u broke up.
mr romance (and he needs to be nice, sweet, and hot)
you are going to risk your derier when you sent to prison!!
i dont know about every woman but some can because its not about sex.
NO she is probably already seeing someone else
Accusing someone of cheating is a big deal!
there are lot of people feel ok even to exchange partners
not today or ever----if she was intersted she would of said not today, but maybe tomorrow....
PS: People matters are not easy because everyone is different in every way.
i just found out today that he is quitting this job.
u need some help... has anyone referred u to a psyciatrist???
be honest and ask before somebody else takes her away...
When or have you ever had tears come down only one side of your eye?
then give her ONE rose (one is better that 3 dozen) and chocolate
HES PROBABLY RELE SWEET To yOU AAND POSSIBLY LIKES YOU.
Well the best thing ta do is start with something kinda neutral.
i guse it's in the way they act around you.
Dont have sex before marriage, then you wont be disappointed
the issue here: maybe first change the question.
But this girl is vulnerable right now, dont break up with her!
IF SOMEONE FORGOT A IMPORTANT [DATE] I WOULD THINK I'M NOT REALLY INPRTANT OR THERE JUST USING ME.
big guy of 35 in north of china, like travel , books, tv and happy hours.
But til then go buy a vib.
I broke up w/an ex and he was still in love with me.
Do what he sais h wants you to do.
honestly...they want the same as us.
LOLOL... Honey you must be dreaming!
just look at the number of couples living-in.
maybe its the drive for a food supply for your children.
JUST BE YOURSELF: DON'T BE FAKE!!!!!!!!
About the nice guys finish last thing... let tell you something.
pregnancy/abortion/adoption/keeping the baby - whatever she chooses, it's all serious and difficult and painful and expensive.
it depends on what you spent in on.
Women don't go after spineless little weasels.
I see him in my spirit all the time I even once dreamed about him.
see my boyfriend moved back to his home town in N.Y. and i live in TX.
there's a word that i'm sure you've heard before...  it's pedophile.
im hot too or do they just like blonds??!
if she rejects you what is the worst thing that could happen other than you wouldn't be dating her?
Find someone who cares about you
You mean IS jaime going to ask rubi out?
Act like it doesn't bother you.
I'd imagine if he married you, he loves you....
no actaly it is better and longer for the both of you
She wants to wait until they are married, which isn't for another 2 or so years!
YOU CAN BE FORGIVEN, BUT REMEMBER YOUR BOYFRIEND WON'T FORGET.
*EDIT*  Hey, not all women out there want power!
Otherwise, I don't think this is gonna work.
pre-mariital sex could be a bad thing if you do not do it the right way and with protection.
If not date someone else just so every one can c u mean wat u say.
You wake up one morning and go, who the heck are you???
Oh, did I mention we need it soon!
To send me money, even when I tell her I have enough.
I have it sucks like A biootch
If you wait she may move on and find some one else.
Cindy is rite I couldnt have said it better if I wnted to
cook it better next time.. lots of luck
to late you both did   so many girls you have to pick just one silly man
I just dont get it and its really pissing me off latley!
if not, what should i do?
You know what you are looking for in a person, you just have not found them yet.
You may love her, but ... why not get involved with someone with less bagage?
why cant i leave this ass of man i am with?
I'll be back in a few mins tho
NO, you have to get back to dating sooner or later
I like this one girl we were just friends.
GIVE IT A HALF AN HOUR AND GET BUSY.
but i ask myself why does it get me aroused?
I have seen girls kissing girls (and using tongue) in a coffee house near me.
I BELIEVE YOU ARE A LITTLE CONFUSED ABOUT YOUR FEELINGS FOR HER.
Did you break up with her because you did something wrong?
well u shouldnt care if u are the one who broke his virginity.
I told my wife about her and she told me to do what I had to do.
Be ur self and u shouldn't have anything to worry about...
whatever it is...... take me for granted, you'll end up hurting 3 hearts..
i have the same problem with my momma getting in my business too, i just ignore her opinions!!!
It depends if you left her or she left you.
we mabey talking to our ex 1-3 times a month sometimes not at all
You guys are still young to think about sexual problems anyway.
HE DIDNT MEEN HE HATED YOUUU.
i have no answer ....   people enlighten me why are breasts so amazing?
LOOKING FOR THE SAME THING THAT LED YOU TO THE FIRST RELATIONSHIP IN THE FIRST PLACE.
Right now, I love being gay.
Thank you for askin...I love u!!
no i dont think she is a lesbian i think shes just strange!!
And i no how lesbo's can be i no one.
I hate it, why should I do it to men?
mix them and you could have a perfect relationship
But only if if you really love that person.
Best thing to do is to ask.
But you guys just need to first off talk.
swallow your pride and do it!!!!!!
If she's your friend and she likes girls so what?
Yes, OK, Yeah that's all I got ooopps!!!
suck it up and deal with it.
Next time, don't be so impulsive!
it want let me log on in my name i used all the time it want connect
wish know any kind lady for friendship and happy, just get me in yahoo.
If so I'd be angry at him and ask him what's going on...
Sometimes being friends with someone is way more than you could ever ask!
But please.......go talk to your friend......and soon!
EVEN THOUGH HE'S CALLING YOU BAD NAMES (RIGHTFULLY SO) HE'S STILL COMMUNICATING W/ YOU AND THAT'S GOOD.
I CLOSE MOST OF MINE WITH A HUG UNTILL THE RELATIONSHIP BUILDS UP STRONGER.
Asking her friends is a no,no.
I dont know what to do.
anyways i wanna have fun not b stuck w/1 person when i don't like them alot.
because that is what it would be.
Don't *nag* and *whine* to him.
What is it like to be straight?
IF SHE HAS BEEN HURT BY SOMEONE RECENTLY THEN YOU CAN ONLY BE HER FRIEND.
So far sounds like its going pretty well - dont rush it!
I fake once in a while, guys try so hard, and I like to reward them...
remember that both presents don't have to be extravagant.
I LIKE HIM AND EVERYTHING BUT I THINK WE HAVE LOST INTEREST IN EACHOTHER!!
I could go on and on.
don't listen to jdh783,I'm way cooler!
My mom's best friend wants to throw me a bridal shower.
Think about that the next time you tell just a little fib.
yeterday and it was the best sex ever
no becuz u are a LONGHORN fan and she is a USC fan!
I know you said only for women but I hate discrimination.
tell your friend to rock on.
And impostant GET HIS PHONE NUMBER!!!!
ummm....try to ask how she feels about you.
I had a nice hot bath drawn and gave him a bath then a massage.
15 we was together for 2 years...
tell your friend to rock on.
And impostant GET HIS PHONE NUMBER!!!!
ummm....try to ask how she feels about you.
I had a nice hot bath drawn and gave him a bath then a massage.
15 we was together for 2 years...
if so then why would he want you to ask a question like this .
yes give him a chance and give urself one  love dont come to us everyday
(but that still doesn't make her hitting ok)
He went back to her without telling me and then she finally told me.
dont thnk about it just do it
Just say Look, you are a nice guy but the chemistry isn't right.
I say dont do it, it's  just a waste of time.
na, she'll treat you like trash
Your never to young for love,wen i was 11 i had a 16 year old girlfriend:-).
shes probably sweet and classy, so just give her a chance.
If you wouldn't ask him, then it's inappropriate to ask her.
no fn way its the only truly right thing in this world
If his last name is right guy ;)............
it just dipends on the girl.
Unless you too are a freak....RUN!
if u like him it dont matter wat ur friends think!
yes it takes time and other friends
$2500.00 was the cost of mine!
I might have made a mistake in my marriage, kickin' it with two girls who weren't my wife.
try to have sex with the girl.
Of course its the getting started thats the hard part.
dude if yor shy like i am you might have a hard time doing this.
then the persons race;religion etc... should never be an issue
(Most call it playing the field)
hav some dignity man...world is full of girls?proposing again will leave a tag for u tht is 'desperado'
she will make up her own mind weather she will consider or not
Start looking at men in public.
So, brief answer is: You don`t make girlfriend there, just acquaintances :) Otherwise its purely platonic relations until marriage.
If you like him then yeah try it out!!!
Ah, something I forgot - sometimes you have to be a little frank.
iT SEEMS THAT YOU REALLY LIKE THIS GUY..SO PLEEEEAASSE DONT LISTEN TO YOUR STUPID FRIENDS!
I know it sounds like a formula but girls are hard to figure out and this always works.
I don't know which is worse?
That he doesnt want nothing with you.
and he still thinks only HE has
what if verdale is totally wrong?
And then would you really be happy?
3 days per week  so it may be 12 per month...
because I rather spend a great time with a funny guy, no matter where we go !
Wedding gifts are more for the the couple, so that would be more like household items, etc.
Oh and I'm 19 by the way.
if he ignores you like that, he's not worth it.
I love him but...I don't know!
I'm 25 and I still haven't had a girlfriend....is that weird?
love is love...justas long as it doesn't involve me i m totally ok with it!
So I say it turned out ok.
it is best to stay true to your wife
A good BJ is always welcome
an abortion is a pretty traumatic thing, and she obviously thought that was her only option.
it is for his/her own good.
for eg, confess to him that you like a schoolmate.
u can do both at the same time, or at different times.
i was wrong in breaking off.
how do u deal with that?
i'm really mad at my best friend.
you should get the ring back.
because he is scared of commitment
from past experiences, my ex- boyfriend is still not over it, and it maks the matter worse.
IF I am just dating the person it seems to be ok...if you find out let me know...Good Luck
maybe he's freaked out that someone likes him.
Even though I still critize them(lovingly)about his age.
Don't believe no one , no one is perfect in this world
or tell her fake things that she wants to hear.
Nix that zero and get you a hero!
I have to agree with one answer, you can't tell if she's good at faking.
no im not heartless i just haven't found the guy that i want 2 b with 4 a while.
it never works if i try to be cool.
HOT guy who treats me good is best.
funny its better to have a good timee!!!
She could only tell you yes or no.
dumb question i have ever seen...!
hot fast prolonged extra heavy duty stuff happening..
just wait for him to pop the question.
JUST LOOK AROUND THEY ALL LOOK LIKE DUDES
no.... well at least mine havent.
i dont think so at all if your intent is honorable then its all good
you just know that she isnt interested the same way.
but you other half is with you always.
kiss = I want to see you again.
These are all the sign's I got from that scary guy...again run like the wind.
if u dont do it, someone will.
first date-hug if u really know him-kiss
Just don't make it your priority, and you'll be OK.
go to the dictionary and look up moil.
tell her never to take such risks like that.
if u dont do it, someone will.
first date-hug if u really know him-kiss
Just don't make it your priority, and you'll be OK.
go to the dictionary and look up moil.
tell her never to take such risks like that.
this is how i feel about my ex
And she emailed me back trying to twist it around like it's my fault!
why is it the first thing i go for during sex??
just normal steps and work your way back up slowly.
&talk to more people even if they're not goth.
How to get him to aprove of me?
How to tell if a girl likes you?
That not only is a lack of respect it is a lack of Brains!!!
I gotta go there ta buy some shoes.
are we talking like a tan here?
At least there's sex (while it lasts!)
Just ignore her, don't even trip.
I think it would be hot.
we haven't talk to other for a while and its really sucks.
what kind of music do u listen to when you want to get in the mood
Well I wouldnt blame him, guys tend to be like that.
THIS IS GOING TO BE HARD.
email me it's just my usename at yahoo.com ok. Don't yell at me.
A lot of women think that their men are cheating on them even they are not.
as long as you don't get pregnant
just ask agian and if she syas it agian then ask why until you get an answer.
you just know you have a feeling in your heart that says thats him that him alright!
Change the way you think about things that's probably why she dumped you.
i will say hi to u to ha ha but i would say wow thats interesting
Do not try to push her.
If that doesn't get the ball rolling, you might need to move on....
listen to her and be sincere when you tell her something.
Sometimes she gets mad, and complains but it's ok.
maybe you should go to a doctor.
not stepping up and being a man.
When you do not need to ask that question.
I have been travelling the world and you should see what I have seen in some cultures!
Clue:Try not getting them in the 1st place :o)
Don't let anyone put them down.
Chocolates and flowers, plus a tender lovin Kiss!
He just wants you to be happy if he really loves you.
no...but my friends did...she was like soooo sad!!
to some it's fine, others its wrong.
Personanilty, becuase that's what lasts, looks don't always last.
See if there's any wrong actions that you might do, but you actually don't realize.
Every guy is like either your my girlfriend or not a friend at all It realy sucks.
don't dress too messy or else people will think you're weird.
Life is full of suprises though.
it's awesome that you care about her and want to help.
Like moi, I went out with someone for 3 yrs and I'm his friend now.
If some breaks your heart will you ever stop loving them
I cared about him very much but I just knew he wasn't the one I wanted to be with.
it's like she don't care for my friendship anymore.. why's that?
Yes, and When you least expect it.
be your self thats wat i do.
= ) hope your friends are good friends.
or should i ask her to marry me before college and then get married during or after college?
Even if most guys don't like cigars too much it's fun to get a gift like that.
if he is very curtious and sexy
LET BOTH KNOW THAT YOU WILL DARE OTHERS AND DATE BOTH AND SEE HOW IT GOES
sex before marrage isnt a good thing to do.
what matter most is what's inside and most of all he is good looking right?
using your legs is better than your back.
she's not a sykic after all.
if u think u love her u should ask her out...duh.
but it could be different for you.
I'm obsessed with latinas - they're hot!
Please clarify...do you mean cheat their wives?
can i contact him without looking like a complete fool.
no one is  perfect in this world
And then they don't have a choice
nothing would happen, everyday if important for love
First do the job  and than ask your best friend:what do i do now.
Have a great time and congrats for being picked !!
my shortest 1 day which was my 1st.
My mom, mentor, caretaker, surpermama, 1 of my bfs, oh and BOSS!
its f***ing AGAINST NATURE, ADAM AND STEVE STORY
yes, very much it is very heart warming & it gives me great pleasure/
That would look really funny, too!
It's all a trust issue, i'm not entirely sure I trust him, but he probably did.
Is the woman I'm marrying a psycho?
see what they can get, they only want one thing
Yeah tonight im going out with some friends.
If not, leave her, and don't be afraid to!
'Hey, ya wanna hang out at the mall this weekend...
it is good to believe him for a happy life
YOU BE THE BEST YOU CAN BE AND LOVE UNCONDITIONALLY.
and some of us are very comfortable with it.
Buy two and go with him it's HUGE FUN!
I didn't know that they all did but I sure do.
people oftentimes say that they are but then in a few years from now they end up apart.
Easy to say and it's polite.
but i will still let him know how much i care about him or her.
YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO SAY NO.
yeah,why not,if they like the guy
Depends on how well you know him and like him.
Did she stick an alkaseltzer tab up there?
and i left room for errors.
Probably cheaper because everybodyelse is having a barbeque
My brain's fried...and I'm a bit loopy.
and when ur ready u will tell her everything.
is everything ok between the two of you?
between your breast is sure to please your man!
It's not hard to find the right girl at all!
If not then don't worry about it he doesn't have a crush.
if he actually waits for you than you know that he truly loves you.
I don't really think that age should matter.
you i think are his wif .
Guys do it too but i think not as much as females.
And my teacher told me not to listen to strangers.
Not unless she is nice enough to give it back.
Depends if U get 2 see her Daily.
If hes lieing or being honest you will know.
go up to her and say: I like you.
go on with youir life, what's kg?
well i am 6'2'' tall he's not !
- this prevents getting hurt allot.
Due to ur new info then id say No don't go out with him, It will only end bad!
in a store wid condoms in one hand and viagra in the other
He didn't have a reason but just said, I think we should just be friends.
you shouldn't is this leana valeros?
maybe she has some personal problems,
So the way I look at it you might as well be happy
because i want it bad thats all i fantasize about
If it takes away from her, then its cheating.
but i never agree, i knew we were only friends.
maybe she has some personal problems,
So the way I look at it you might as well be happy
because i want it bad thats all i fantasize about
If it takes away from her, then its cheating.
but i never agree, i knew we were only friends.
This isn't something anyone on Yahoo!
you will have reverse experiance with me
Lol, I got one in 1st grade, but that doesn't really count.
you should get rid of them.
SOme might even think its sexy!
Give ur love as much as u can.
WITH THESE IN MIND, i c no reason y premarital sex should not be allowed...:)
you have many boyfriends ahead of.
UHHH.........Maybe if you been chating a lot then meet with her one day to see how she looks...DUH!!
i'll give u one advice keep fihgting for him girl and earn some trust
And what would have done if you had gotten pregnant?
Guys seem to like what they can't have.
i dont know ask your boyfriend.
Or show up in only a raincoat & nothing else (not even shoes)?
move on to the next girl.
i hardly everrr see him in school either usually i see hima t my brothers basketball games
Some guys will say yes just for the heck of it.
Tell her something funny that happened at school.
as long as i keep my mouth shut and have no opinion things are good-for him.
Turn off the T.V.,sit yourselves down,and start talking!
so they can givethemselves more points.
and ladiez if you have any idea why you have the power??
but he still didn't tell me.
Hmmm - I would call her back.
i want a boy that have respect for me and likes to party with a girl
No I dont think they are.
you are a male cyber whore - i should man bitch slap you
But once I'm interested they disappear
I don't want my name showing on the yahoo messenger list how do I show my screen name instead
Do u think it is right.
Maybe you married a child...not a grown man.
I listen to the cds I love find a song that relates to your life and meorize the words!!
no if u really love them you wouldn't let them go
if you have to bait him into it then it is not really him wanting to.
or maybe he's looking at gay porn and doesn't want you to know.
i recently got broken up with over the phone on the guys break from work.
yeah get a small flake of metal in there.
If she gets embarrassed, it's ok.
i want to be with someone who wants to be with me just the way i am.
you cant trust someone you are chatting with
give up trying to date her - plenty of fish in the sea :-)
jut get it figured out so u don't get hurt in the end
eventually they'll get over themselves and realize what their missing.
stop being gothic what's the deal any way looking like the dead.
You can't if she's a good actress.
can anyone help me out to define love
Go with the one that nicest, and the one you like the best.
well if u love her apparently u dont hate her or vice versa.
Don't have you're hopes up to much.
Smell like a goat in heat?
yes i can totally tell by the way you typed.
depends on what your conscience thinks.
if you are over 18-20 give it a try but do not rush to anything.
Ive offerd wonderd this and after what bradd said... Jessica Alba
They are the one missing out.
Guys will always be around but youthfulness won't.
If you don't there could be a BIG mess.
You don't come home one day and say oh i learned how to love.
HOW DOW YOU SET UP A PERFECT 1 NIGHT STAND?
DO NOT take her to a movie or dinner.
I'm not saying that is right...I'm just saying that that what IS, sometimes.
by the way its ok for a girl to ask the guy out actually its becoming more common.
Its like they always want all or nothing.
don't do that to yourself, him, or her.
Definately get roses, lots of them.
it didn't go any farther than a 5 second kiss.
that sould be fine , but how old  are you?
IT MAKES US ENJOY SEX MORE
That drives me up a frikkin wall!
Definately get roses, lots of them.
it didn't go any farther than a 5 second kiss.
IT MAKES US ENJOY SEX MORE
That drives me up a frikkin wall!
You: -thinking if she's asking you to eat a bowl of jell-o- Yessums!
Up until now, I still have feelings for him, and i haven't gone out with anyone since.
Stop looking so hard she is probably right in front of you...
ask the girl to pay for dinner
brunnetes, the girl i like has brown hair!
YOU ARE JEALOUS OF A PICTURE?
when they got all upset about that, he responded hey, just kidding, i'm only gay!
Im pretty close to being 23.
they want someone who listens, cares, and caresses.
Just be there for her and be her friend.
if you don't like himm say oh well good for you i don't care!
were a little cocky here aren't we??
Don't EVER ask your mate to do something you wouldn't do first.Ever.
Try going out on dates again!
ok do some other execise and do good execises.
skinny,a nice stomach is a major turn on
because almost all the girls have a boyfriend so that means there are no more boyfriends
cool to be in an open minded relationship...i am too.
if u looking for someone u shouldnt call them a chick
or HOW DOW YOU SET UP A PERFECT 1 NIGHT STAND?.
They bigger the breasts the more fertile the woman is...
Some women learn this, others do not.
is a pretty messed up concept.
Just because youre gothic though doesnt mean you shuold hang out with only gothic kids.
I am already doing IT with the one I love.
Maybe its a possibility, especially when u smile Iy could be love!
If you like him go out with him, but if not don't.
are you mad cuz he spends money on these sites?
(Someone I know propsed in the bathroom... just wondering if anyone else had other crazy ideas.)
I hope yours is a keeper!
Guys never mind girls showing interest.
I don't really care about looks, but I do like nice people.
I hope this helps in some manner, take care.....
but a lot of times i prefer sucking than f***ing
But dont start it off like that.
just few seconds when i was born...my mom was first to kiss me...
Didn't care about being promoted, etc.
Hey,  I advise u to pray.
in detail,is it necesary to fall in love.cant u escape it.
i mean WHOEVER SAID THAT SEX WAS ONLY FOR MARRIED PEOPLE??
Well you have been married long enough to ask him whats bugging him.
It's my bad habit, i can't help it, they taste good!
He said yea..BUT what if she's the best?
U WILL RIDE TO THE END WITH THAT PERSON AN WOULDN'T HAVE TO THINK TWICE.
he is my brothers friend so i cant get away from him HELP!
winter if your on a budget.
can you say polygamy  one man two wives...  read learn try it
umm...chocolate but dont give her alot it might be an insult to her...ummm...flowers would be the best choice!
but I think the reason it is so different is because men dont get all loose and sloppy.
a lot of couples have sex without talking about marriage at all.
lol, this is a tough question.
the only thing is hes 62
I know why you're so obsessed with us mijo!
it is just showing that you would like ot be friends.
ok, i met my boyfreind over the internet hes in tennessee and im in atlanta.
Guys want what they can't have.
Many of my friends have this problem...
Nothing to hold on to... to control.
can't go wrong with attention and presents!
hmmm, i only have one partner.
IF HE KNEW THESE GUYS, HE IS SO HUMILIATED.
they are testing you to see how much they are going to get away with.
well...ask him: i need to relax with some friends for once.
holy crap, you should feel guilty.
-- Has he forgiven his ex-wife?
not to many men ask there wifes this i know.
relationships have to be 2 way.
Can you see yourself spending the rest of your life with them?
Slowly...first you get a paying job.
She may be liking you too!
well they are a bit different.
Going from guy to guy until he finally pops your cherry!!
me and my partner spend most of our free time in bed!
TRUE LOVE IS WHEN ITS ALMOST IMPOSSIBLE FOR U TO BE WITHOUT THAT SPECIAL SOMEONE.
or made a big mistake in your life?
He used your diamond, what a loser!
cause you could just seduce him with some skin.
Give him a night out with the boys first.
why worry about what other people think?
This ain't Burger King, you're not always going to have things your way.
because they feel you have takin their child from them.
well then they never have time for you.
my husband was 18 and i was 22 when we got married.
If he is not sorry and didnt tell you then no
not today and most likely .
You just got dumped dude, it's over.
Has she ever flirted Wit u??
Valentine's Day............ the day of love.....
show people you have your own style.
I say good for you if you want to wait.
Is it Match.com, eharmany, lavalife... who?
Is it bcoz your dad is looking and right now he seems to be loosing the battle?
just ask her out and give her something nice.
But, what if one person is that way and the other is not?
because you're gonna give me 10 wonderful points ;)
Trust me girl, if he loves, he never freeks out on you...!
it cud b jus 1...   ur mom... she wont cheat lie or break ur heart whatever u do...
they want a guy who wont treat them lke crap and respects them
are you comfortable in your own skin??
I asked her to coffee and she said yes.
Trust me girl, if he loves, he never freeks out on you...!
it cud b jus 1...   ur mom... she wont cheat lie or break ur heart whatever u do...
they want a guy who wont treat them lke crap and respects them
are you comfortable in your own skin??
I asked her to coffee and she said yes.
There you go - problem solved.
She cheated on you in that way.
if you dont like it as much as u do with chris.
IT SOUND LIKE YOU NEED TO HAVE A LONG HEART TO HEART WITH HER.
Don't let them get to you, because they're just putting you down.
Girls too like and enjoy taking about sex.
Heck that can get back to normal almost immediately if you want.
im assuming hes your age right?
THIS IS YOUR DAY, TAKE YOUR TIME AND SEE WHAT COLORS AND DIFFERENT STYLED DRESSES COMPLIMENT EACHOTHER AND YOU!
you should be able to answer that quetion ur self
Girls too like and enjoy taking about sex.
Heck that can get back to normal almost immediately if you want.
im assuming hes your age right?
THIS IS YOUR DAY, TAKE YOUR TIME AND SEE WHAT COLORS AND DIFFERENT STYLED DRESSES COMPLIMENT EACHOTHER AND YOU!
you should be able to answer that quetion ur self
i have a gf but if u want to talk lilcountskid
well if it is the bed then use wd40 on they hinges where the pole meet.
TRUE LOVE IS WHEN U WILL DO WHATEVER FOR THAT PERSON NO MATTER WHAT.
it is kind of important when you doit with someone you love.
After that, if she pays you no attention she probably just is not interested.
Why do girls talk about boys?
get to know him first in person.
Get off the internet and find a girl!
There are lots of goodlooking jocks out there scoping for a beautiful lady!
flowers, candy, romanic dinner, jewerly if you got deep pockets!
If sex is bad then it sure feels good to be bad.
when butterfly flies in your stomach.
buy new clothes and start going back to the gim.
If she doesn't have those, then no.
do you:  a) break up with her b) stay together and forget the whole thing?
yeah, i hope u didnt do it!!
Just don't have sex just to be having it.
u have to be careful toooooooooo......
if you ask him with believing heart.
If he loves you than why in the world would he want you to marry someone else?
i get worried when i thinks if she says me 'NO'.
so, imagine my surprise when I got home and found his wife down on my roommate!
you're mind is not clear right now!
Wow, I could use the $1 mil...  but lose a marriage?
I was not her pick to marry her son.
looks can fade; personality usually doesn't
IF NOT THEN WE CAN MOVE ON TO THEIR PERSONALITY.
You don't want it to be that way.
she was going out with a really awesome guy.
And from her friend it was a mistake!
Do some nice things for her.
figure out if mark is the one then if he is ......go for it!
You don't want it to be that way.
she was going out with a really awesome guy.
And from her friend it was a mistake!
Do some nice things for her.
figure out if mark is the one then if he is ......go for it!
ya i think ur in luv...be happy
TIME HEAL ALL WOUNDS,SO GIVE HER TIME.
Tell him you will have sex with him....guys love that.
being daddy's little girl he has given me the freedom to be myself.
Listen you do what you want.
If u love her than you shouldn't have a problem making her feel special.
this is such a stupid question.
if you like someone pass her a note sometime or get a hold of her e-mail and phone #.
(it's not that i think it's gross, it's just nobody likes me)
date someone because you want to be with them, not because youre lonely.
he needs to do it on his own.
I fall in love every day!
BUT AN OLDER WOMAN WOULD BE MY CHOICE, I'M 22 YEARS OLD.
TO BE HONEST WITH YA SOME FEMALE CONTRACEPTIVES CAN MAKE THIS HAPPEN...GOOD ?
if you loved him like you were supose to you would not have to asked this question.
bu tif you like him I don't know what to tell you to tell him
Sex on the first date...hmmm...yea it's a turned off.
no - she keeps the ring.
i'll expect that he'd make up for it  (hint, hint)
I have been told it just adds enjoyment to the night out... yea alright..
i totally agree with heavytrafficman, it is so true what he said i could not answer it better myself.
i wanted for them to like me so much, but it just wasnt so.
second - what is in premarital sex?
I want her to love me like I love her.
and the other thing is understanding.
how hard is it to find the right guy?
i used to think he was an idiot, but now im interested.
Don't come here to whine, you know that all women are users, just get used to it.
my longest relationship was 7 1/2 years and i'm only 29.  crazy, huh?
If you miss her and it was your fault!
no  you as a person knows when your ready for whateva your talking about your ur own person!!!!!!
my best friend is a straight guy and i am gay.
plus they are warm and soft ha ha.
It might help to kno ur age!
!..OR WHAT..THEY FEED YOU, BUY YOU CLOTHES ETC.
maybe i don't know them though
people like the little game of hard to get.
because the guy just straight foward or crocked type.
I personally do not think it does.But think about it :o)
lets try to rephrase the question by asking:  what makes/helps women reach orgasm??
U should wait til both of you guys are doen with all of that.
YOUR CHILDREN NEED YOU AND YOU SHOULD BE THERE FOR THEM
Try asking this: DO I LIKE OR DO I LOVE THIS GUY?
Im a guy, Ill tell you.
But if you dont get out there and look you will never really get over your ex.
No u should not go ahead with her.
i am current dating this man where i work.
but know this, no matter what you do only time can heal all your wounds!
we gals will always remain mystery to guys.
do what I did and marry a cop....lol
This will eventually come out, don't hide secrets and stuff, people always find out.
TRY THIS BE HONEST ABOUT WHY.
Spice up your life with your wife.
make him see that you only like him as a friend.
(yes im bitter leave me alone)
Get that out of him and make your judgement call
I didn't really like it back then.
Well, What are u waiting for?
STILL LIKE BEING A GOTH AS LONG AS  U DRESS GIRLIE GIRL
if she's making too much noise
precious, i'm 30 & still over do it.
TRY HAVING HIM DO IT HIMSELF FIRST .
i dont know but, why wont they go out with me either??!!!
If the girl is really asian (like asian born and bred), the guy has to be smart...
when u think/feel like talking/calling someone the first person who comes to ur mind is this person.
no it is not wrong, but unwise.
Yup there are plenty of us here.
Who wants to spend the rest of thier life accomodating anyone?
WATCH PORNO WHILE YOUR GETTING BUSY THAT WOULD GET HIM GOING
she didn't tell me any of, i found out from a girl she hates!
i don't have any expeience about dating.
im goin through the same thing.
TRUE FRIENDS LOOK OUT FOR 1ANOTHER.
one day one time, fate will bring you together my sister
well you should try to stand out in the crowd but dont flirt with him.
And if it is you then use the gag
YAAAA AND HE IS A STUD =)
Cause they have the upper hand then and they know it...
definetly angelina, i would turn lesbian for that sexy ass woman!
you go to an arcade, your bound to meet someone.
be careful, you can get std's from female juices too!
i don't really think anyone can be sure that they are in love.
HE LIED ABOUT HOW HE FEELS EITHER BECAUSE HE DOESN'T WANT TO GET HURT OR HE JUST WANTS SOME.
A boy you have to make notice you, a MAN already has!
U should press your lips agenst hers ( then you should open your mouth just a little-or a lot)
Or did he just drop in on you front porch?
explain to her what she did was wrong and why it was wrong.
but most of the times if u have a friend thats a girl she could like you too.
Good Luck huntin' for that G-Spot.
I acked like I loved him and she treats him likr he's her slave.
when you can think of nothing but the other person, and you get a funny feeling in your tummy.
Forget about her if you love her or even care about her do not get her involved.
Hang in there girl ... God has a purpose for everything ...
My problem is what if I run into him again?
sleep with a girl just to experiance it.
i'm not in the mood or feign being asleep.
God provides lots of good things!
not to sound selfish...but you come fisrt.
yea and he is so very sweet
tell them that you are a saint and you are not allowed to kiss other person... XD
But yet not wait till i get married.
I think they have one in cali!
I wouldnt, i have alot of gothic friends and i wouldnt exaclty call myself gothic at all.
Guys have different masks, women do to though.
He probaly likes u too but he's shy go for it
to tell the truth don't know.
if my bf did tht i would dumo him bc obvously he doesnt givea shhittt
does she touch herself while talking to u?
you get to test out the couch.
don't eat sugar and no more sodas.
lazarus cooler name  verdale sounds like a pussy
or c. move to a different province?
no crying ur eyes out more than once a day.
hell no you shouldnt thats really rude
I would say 5 to 6
If her marriage is so bad then she should get out of it.
no, because what if my soulmate was located in the middle of mongolia traveling in a band of nomads?
YEAH YOU HAVE TO GIVE US MORE TO GO BY.
if he says no he's probably makin a bad mistake.. you are probably really nice.... Good luck!!
im just wondering if blondes really do have fun lol
A promise ring is sure way to doom your relationship, i've seen it too many times before!!
IF YOU DON'T CHOOSE ONE YOU WILL END UP LOOSING BOTH.
for me and my husband it was better this way.
But if u really want 2 get with him then go 4 it!
is this you first gf ever?
You seem too nice for that.
- What about you makes her so crazy?
Look for the ones that do, (what)
If it's gonna cost me money, I want a younger man, not an older one!
Besides...if the person is funny...that sense of humor...might allow him/her..to dress up cuter..or at least put a mask on...=P
take a vacation or go do something for you!
OK, I admit, I'm a perfect fit.
Go for it but just if you realy like him !!
i used to run around like an idiot trying to appease to everone, and i was wearing myself down.
if you look, you wont find.
Remember 3 things, 1) there is a big difference between love and lust.
Don't fall for the first jerk you see.
i wan2 have more gothic or punk friends how do i meet them
I normaly talk to myself, but talking to God is a better idea im sure
it's just something about the way you asked....mmm..no
Watch a woman who is good at it.
if its too overwhelmin to ya then just ask her out.
Ive known him for like ever.
I still ask myself why he broke up with me.
when u think he likes u back
romantic- 20 years friends- 36 years
and large is when you want to just f u  c  k  !
And when my dad got remarried he gave me a watch, with a message engraved on the back!
hide it 4 as long as u can
Ever heard of Play hard to get?..
if your so honest why do you have a pic of a girl avatar?
If your not married                               then it sounds like your boyfriend is the jelous kind.
if peeple are judgemental den thas who der gonna b. yoo dont need to worry bout dem.
or is it bcoz you want one for your dad?
you should get some mighty fine reactions, and then see what happens.
And now I don't know what to do, because I really love my sister.
but i f its true love then leave it i mean are you jelsouse you like this boy.
singin...doe, a deer, a female deer.....  hee hee
You don't have to be enemies.
repot it or brake up with her
You don't have to be mean, you just have to be strict.
don't go just by the way he looks.
It would be crappy if she didn't want a part.
In your heart ;)  Remember, you get what you give;
SOUNDS TEMPTING, BUT THE ANSWER ALWAYS ENDS UP TO A NO!NO WAY!
there are girls out there than have no problem going out once and then going beck to your place.
Youngest 2 = Page Boys Older 2 = Grooms Men / Ushers!
i lik the obi wan kool star wars
have you ever experience love or what you thought was love before?
how would you feel if your 15 year old sister was going out with a 26 year old man?
If you don't like them, then tell them that!
yes can be trusted but if you can't look beyond that, move on
That will be the best revenge :)
just flirt and ask questions that u have in ur head and from whatever she says take ur desision
Plus not so much a chance for tornadoes
If it feels like something isnt right,  probably isn't!
We still talk and he has asked me out again.
Or what ever she's not happy with about her-self?
Men are not that differnt from women.
BE GLAD IT'S NOT A REAL WOMAN AND YOU ARE APT TO DRIVE HIM TO ONE.
and what if he refuses to talk after that or gives me a piece of his mind.
LOL j/k I have no idea.
OF COURSE YOU SHOULD TELL THEM.
we're all boring sometimes, there'a always something fun about somebody.
I feel horrible about this but I wont date a guy shorter than me.
there really is no good way to do it.
I think he still has that girlfriend but I don't care.
Wait to say i love you.
I should know I have an BoyFriend!!!!
do what you think is best.
if you think he is hot, then go for it and be with the boy!
go go go lol try dating another female if u feel comfortable and relaxed ull know wat to do.
then i had my 4th which was 2 weeks.
i am totally single and definately not gay, and dont drink.
otherwise have a wonderfull time :)
a full day at the spa
KEEP IN MIND IMM THIRTEEN AND A BIG FLIRTER
then i had my 4th which was 2 weeks.
i am totally single and definately not gay, and dont drink.
otherwise have a wonderfull time :)
a full day at the spa
KEEP IN MIND IMM THIRTEEN AND A BIG FLIRTER
I think we are all just looking to have more fun in our lives!!!
They will give you a TON of info on that.
The question is, DO YOU LIKE TO DO IT?????
At any rate, I don't really dig rich guys, I don't think, unless they're well-mannered and attractive.
Could some body give me a great big WOW!!!!!!!
if so, then it should be rather easy to ask the girl out.
or maybe he's just plain mean.
Do you know the girl that you like?
dont forget that no matter how our mother looks, but we always love her more then the others.
And with webcams, camera phones etc.
Course my problem is they always want to go out with me, never want to just be friends.
well my friend is goth e-mail her dollonesk8@yahoo.com
Ask her, if she didn't like you as that, why did she say she did?
then you can cut out fast food resturants for a while.
i'm intersting in now what would be the best thing to do shave, or wax?
but we in general do not discriminate
If your guy has a sense of responsibility and is mature like you say give it a chance.
At least that's what I think.
Yahoo Personals is pretty cool as well...
does the verdale guy like you too?
But the charm i have is that i ALWAYS admit when i am wrong  good luck
Then his girlfriend gets pregnant has a baby.... she still doesn't leave him.
can a black man and a white woman be happy?
You MUST meet him first !!!!
sent a letter about your love
didn't you here about that girl who was harrassed by here new computer met bf?
get the drift,  if they havent had sex for a few days more.
how does he make you feel?
There are other people, im sure, that dont judge you just because you dress or act gothic.
i love to go shopping and go to the movies.
cooking him a good dinner took him out of town  spent money and time with him
no it isn't and yes she can if she wants to
-Friends who I can actually trust (I realized that friends aren't always what they seem to be.)
Baby don't hurt me, don't hurt me... no more.
You need to leave her... you have a life to live.
I know, crazy, but it always works for me with guys.
If you have a singles club at church that would be good too.Good Luck!
you can do so if you love each other.
i actually kissed my gf when i am 16.
Nope and I'm just a GIRL age 10.
Second step, tell her she's the one you're dreamin of.
Why not is more like it !!
Were u with him the whole 20 years???
You don't know if you don't ask!
dude be careful with russian girls.
Hell, if you like him that much, kiss him.
If he loves you, thats his problem, not yours if you dont love him back.
DUMP HIM HONEY HE IS A LOW SELF ESTEEMED PRAT.
Slow it down a little though.
well i hope i helped some.
either A)  They don't want to look like wimps.
there is no certain color duh
Really your waisting to much time worrying about it anyway.
propose 2 another sexy & hot girl.
Do things she like and think you wouldn't do normally do.
then again, she could say yes and you guys will go out and have a great time.
15, but im still only 15 so i dont really know yet
So there is a message to all u young teens out there DON'T HAVE SEX!!!!
wait until u are in a stable relationship with a loveing partner!
Excitarse sexualmente, hacerse lascivo o lujurioso.
Austrailian guys can do no wrong
then, you can love sth/so else and you'll find sth or so that worths your very special attention...
At least my mind thinks I am...
If they do, you don't want to be with them anyway.
i just love her so much.. much help would be appreciated...
when they hav a boner, its 6 and a half inches
I dont think there is any way u can cheat people when u use different names.
you feel it inside in your heart
Don't tell anyone I told you.
why do i need think about it 24/7?
when you're lonely and u have nothing to do, u want to talk to someone,ryt?
But its depend on your culture ...
why does it drive us men crazy?
this is what u should do.
just watch out and make sure that he loves you or you will be heart broken
it sounds like you did something wrong enough for him not to have faith in you.
U can also just feel it inside n u'll no.
Use your head on this one (the one that sits on your shoulders)
They gotta be skinny, but not too skinny.
Maybe he is cheating because he just no longer cares???
I'm a girl so u better read this.
tell him how u feel, unless u a coward.
If you are serious about this girl, then don't allow her to become a missed opportunity.
I was like...20...it was not too late, tho.
buy some rope and use it
I guess it must be ......
why is the woman all was want too run the man life and still be happy?
heres 1 thing................grls dont ask boys out.. its kinda like u being the boy and asking the grl out.
and medium is good for when you want to make love.
You normally have to pay alot & then usaully they don't work.
I looked at them and felt how gross they were that they weren't my wife.
sorry about this question it's my first vibe.
Try finding out different things about the girl like where she hangs out and who she hangs out with.
are YOU a girl and just want to know this?
I mean come on give me a break.
but i want to date one girl.but when i meet her i don't know how to say.i forget everythings.
i think its the dreaded broken dick syndrom.
well u should know not us
i know those types all too well.
Love is a strong word, are you sure he means it
And you're even thinking about MARRIAGE and you never even saw the guy for real ??
try to sleep with the female
She's probably with another guy already
I dont know u tell me... i'm guessing yeah.
If he says he is sorry.
maybe he's not really feeling it.
J/K   No offence Jayson, I couldn't resist.
Thats it... your sense of humor much inprove ...BUDY
I know from experience, you just have to wait!!!
wat sould i do i dnt like him that much?
it will find you and only then in that moment will you know you are in love.
cuz he's a jerk, trying to get over probably the best thing that ever happened to him = U
One thing you don't do is send a friend to ask for you.
I do not want to be too mean cuz i don't want them to hate me.
it wouldn't be any fun if they weren't
Just have confidence when you ask.
No thanks im taken a the moment.
when i had a good girl freind in 2 years age, i got a specially kiss of she.
NEXT TIME, DON'T PUT YOURSELF IN A SITUATION WHERE YOU MIGHT BEHAVE LIKE THAT.
hit him in the head say HEY YOU BOY I am over here
because male have much more testosterone than female...
But what if she does go with you?
can a boy & a girl enjoy premeritalsex?is it advisable?
Maybe she's just pissed off with you.
the funny thing is my first husband diied and 2 years later i had are son together.
But what if she does go with you?
If u only like him sometimes!!
can a boy & a girl enjoy premeritalsex?is it advisable?
Maybe she's just pissed off with you.
But I say love is better.
Nope, you sure dont nor do you get anything else you gave her back, they where gifts!
Or did you break up with her because she did something wrong?
when you are , you wont have to ask....
i have been asking the same question for years.
men seem to have a weird way of showing their hurt.
But don't dump it all on him at once.
tell her what u feel and want to keep ur private life private.
It might be because your not looking..Email me at killer_sheep_1
You what for a $1 if i didn't love the one i was with.
What if the one you fall in love with has one like that.
if he asks u to take him back, reject his @$$!
i am a girl so i will know.
spend enough time with someone and you will know.
HEY YOUR ARE JUST FINE, THERES NOTHING WRONG WITH YOU.
Or you could always try plucking the hair.
if not you better deal with it.
because they both are good people.
>dinner >arcade >park >bar >coffe shop >beach >mall
don't change who you are just to please people.
A little crazy but not les!!
What the heck did you spend the money on?
seduce him first, it might help.
He has a saying:  Strangers ****, Boyfriends and girlfriends have sex But husbands and wives make love .
just say, i think u r hot will you go out with me.
And, obviously you didn't love her enough to say no.
Guys don't see this as 'wrong', so they don't know that it hurts.
theres somebody 4 both of u guys (girls).
its not wrongin fact i do it when my partner wont put out
better rub your eyes and take a second look.
Anyone heard of baby daddies and STDs?
you should propose to him with an easy out  so it doesnt sound like an ultimatum
(Might it say it was a strong one!)
which ever one makes you feel beautiful
i'm not 100% sure but i'm thinking it was probably just a mistake.
You can love someone alot but still not be ovsessed w/ them or it!
You can go back to school or whatever you want... you just have to have a supportive spouse!
at times u may ignore these people too.
Not all men are that way.
at 12 on new years eve i kissed on of my guy friends cause i was pretty drunk.
fart on both of them and see which one of them takes it better.
thats 5 years and demi moore is like 50 and ashton kutcher is like 25.
THE THING IS I HAVE A BOYFRIEND!!
yes, women actually do enjoy sex, specially if they have a great partner!!
That is like asking what color car goes the fastest, dude.
either way, there is a reason you two are just friends.
to get real kiss u ought to be in love.........and i have not met my real love yet
The one you have the REAL commitment to!
broke up with her guy, and went out with my crush!
Space and trust (the harder question is what do women want from men!?!?!)
yes ask her loved one first that way you dont get into trouble
Go to See's candy and pick up her favorite sweet.
If she is not red & moist enough.....
quit beating ya meat, if ya want kids someday
pain is love, untill you learn more about yourself
GODD PURR YOU NEED TO SHUT UP>!
a rose (or her favorite flower) and a card is a good idea.
but what he said to me really really hurts.
I DONT KNOW WHAT 2 DO!
All three of the boys attended and two of my dearest friends and this made it that more special.)
No matter how bad the other person might be, it takes two to tango.
by the way, using all caps makes you look really ignorant and stupid
you explain your situation to all the other women out there asking why men cheat.
No, you TAKE the ring back!
Yea, I now it is bad, but I am in love with Chris.
don't do anything your not comphy doing.
Could have been having troubles at home and it was her way of getting even with her hubby.
Think about that before you let him come back.
Don't feel too bad if yours doesn't.
i suppose some men are irresponsible and immature but a real man who is really in love doesn't cheat
I hope it wasn't K because you might need to change your screen name!
2. maybe he don't love u!
um....ask him to let u see.
just go up to him and ask
you don't,  get used to it I think she loves you and only wants the best.
if you do it without her consent, she might get mad, even if he says yes.
He asked his girlfriend to marry him, she yes, and she seemed really happy.
Good luck what ever you choose to do with your life!
u wana get its answer so see the bollywood film GARAM MASALA* U WILL GET UR ANSWER
look for the subtlest hints.. but dont wait too long to tell her how u feel abt her.
My neighbor guy is nice, funny, and just perfect.
In my experience..no one can trust my ex-husband..I'm just afraid the girls he's around don't know it yet.
you need to ask yourself, where is this relationship gonna go?
My sex life is non-existent, because I just found that my boyfriend goes both ways:(
Budy... its so easy if you want to become;       1.
i am comfortable with who i am.
After coffee take a walk somewhere interesting where there will be lots of things to talk about.
stand up for yourself and just say it.
Or are you just not doing it right?
I NEEDED A GOOD LAUGH FOR THE DAY
if they tried to explain i would listen but of course they would have to make up for it.
u must get over ur shyness to talk to her.
you can get an erection by mostly any naked girl, but to love her really keeps it up
I think you know the answer to this question, lady!
DON'T PUSH THIS SITUATION IT COULD END UP TO BE A DISASTER.
and  my wife and I need our privacy}  That should do it...
Tee hee hee...  (Yeah, they were butterfly kisses, but still!)
The easiest way to make your life a living hell is to marry for money
you will find a guy to love you .if  you love him.
any girl if love me plz contect this e mail moona_nisha@yahoo.com
Tell her What you love about her.
Maybe you are asking the wrong question...
it was kind of an internet romance but we both felt as if we were falling in love.
YOU KNOW WHAT YOU LIKE AND WHAT YOU DONT LIKE.
just put yourself in his shoes i guess.
ok first things first... Is he even looking?
Whats the worst that could happen?
Men are not some game you play for fun and prizes.
if you are sure, go ahead
Girl you run from them cuz their not the one you are dateing
If you don't want the husband there, then you want something else... and that is just wrong.
He would talk to me last year but not this year
when you cross your eyes 4. but normally 2
And it is i'm sure, it was like that for me too.
But, she is dating your crush, right?
think of it like this......would you buy a car without test driving it first???
heck..  this chica can't even VOTE yet!
If its a once in a while occurence, just strictly cyber no chatting I think its ok.
AND NEVER EVER DO IT AGAIN!
in a place where theres a crowd of beatiful, sexy and seductive women.
So, what she was saying was Yeah!
sorry dude, be more careful in the future
In my teen years, I found that it actually works the other way around.
I not saying is ok to do it but u also got to respect ur man.
if he doesnt remember he probably is a pervert because he might ask alot of girls out!
He's too nice to say hey, GO AWAY!
just pull his arms over your shoulders like doing a piggy back ride.
what is so wrong calling them that?
thats five years not 4 gee smart one
If she was just playing hard to get then try again but at a later time.
if shes worth it she will
cuz if its what i think then this would be some crazy racist question.
I robbed the craddle, was her high school sweetheart.
I DOnT LIKE BEiNG CALLEd THAT EVERYDAY ESCPICALLY AROUND OTHERS.
might save your marrage then might not.
If he says yes - yay!
Then we'll start having gang wars and stuff.
people say i have bestfriend qualities cause im real.
a gentleman doesnt treat a woman like trash!
when i was 5 it was the girl next door
Thers bound 2 b someone right under your nose u jest dont see it.
now i am angry...but i am not using bad words against you.
Hope you get where I'm going here....  Is she a Taurus????
No offense to anybody but its not just guys that do that.
Heck you only live once right?
It's like the battered wife syndrome.
ask him if he want to be with u all the time ( good luck )
guys don't always talk about their girl friends or the girls they like.
but if you want it just for her, treat her to a spa, a complete head to toe treatment.
I agree with everything that everyone else said...they have all perfectly summed it up!
and try the anal beads they can go in the front or the back.
Ok, when you see her THINK ABOUT JELLY.
I need advice on discipline ??
Yeah he's going to want to sleep cause he works alot.
IT'S BETTER TO LET HIM KNOW NOW THAN TO JUST KEEP HIM ON THE STRING.
SHE MAY BE FEELING THE SAME WAY ABOUT YOU BUT IS SCARD TO TELL YOU LIKE YOU ARE HER.
Actually, it surprised me how nice he actually was to me :)
would it be worth breaking up with lazarus?
first of all how old are you.
Me?04 people, I m 35 yrs old
(Not unless I am struck w/ cupid's arrow instantly)
if you like her, this will be tough.
it's a sick habit that people get into
he should be okay if not good luck
have a friend tell him, u just get to the flirting
BE HONEST with her and ask her to shower
; )  Plus my mom is where the love is.
ok heres the devils advocate answer.
Bring her flowers or something like that.
i told a guy and after a week, he straight out ignored me and we haven't talked since!!!
i mean..DUH it's a free world...  third - who cares?
and what would be a could conversation starter?
Hope i did'nt offend but.... that sounds yag sa kcuf !
you asked her to marry you, then you dump her, and want the ring back.
Just cant be afraid to try everything
Don't be bitter because you're a nice person.
Just say No Depends what you're saying no to.
You should be very proud that he loves you so much.
Just be creative and use other things (feather, ice cube, rose).
Does he look at naked women on tv/computer/mag's???
what is it that defines 'girl of your desire'??
Chances are even if she doesn't admit it, she is feeling like things are um drum too.
I spank them on their skirts.
and what if a person does not want to get married?
its simple, simply say would you like to go out with me to ..... :)
i would say it is a turn off.
With a boy - 14, with a girl - 17
Sure you're Loopy, you're a female.
But then I know guys (and some girls) who are only in it for the physical aspect.
I would just ya know call johnny depp and see which one she chooses!
do w/e feels rite itll work out either way!
theres no way yoo can change that.
Most of the guys I have dated really didn't care about my emotions or anything like that.
All anybody has to do is keep it straight and simple that way nobody gets hurt.
my me feel about things i did in life .
i got my first boyfriend when i was 13 it lasted a month
Don't try and over do it just let it come natural and she'll see you are a good guy.
u can call her up or say it face-to-face.
Show her the real you and soon she may say yes!
i remember in my past there were some guys that i sooooooo wanted to go out with.
man, the richies usually treat others like the owe them everything.
whoever gets him will hurt the other one.
if you gave me a diamond engagement ring, i'd have to keep it...don't make that mistake again, goofball!!
9 times out of 10 your friend will start to date the guy.
Thats all i have to say is be creative.
depends on ur perspective towards life!
now, i'm at a different place in life.
U WILL KNOW WHEN IT IS TRUE LOVE, U WOULDN'T BE ASKING THIS QUESTION IF IT WAS.
well if he was such a good man why is he divorced Just think about
just have confidence in your self!!
And they stop or don't do bjs anymore.
Im 25, is alright to date a 22 year old guy?
I REALLY LIKE THIS GUY AT SCHOOL
it doesnt matter how old you are now.
there aren't any websites shawty, you have to figure the dude out for ur self aiight
I'm a Christian, so maybe I should try singles or youth groups?
If your a Christian and has a bible read this.
im sure it can ... if the dream is not something unusual like meeting peter pan
conttact me @ effieakamuffin@yahoo.com if u need more advice
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo!
LOVE COMES IN EVERY DIFFERENT SHAPE, SIZE, COLOR, AND ORIGIN.
How would you like it if they were good looking and thats all they talked about?
And that person is the one you spend the rest of your life with.
Show off ur Money, if u have....    u will get GF's easily like ur underwear...
But rember don't take any big jumps.
it shouldn't matter what sex the person you love is!
The 3rd time she stated that I promptly told her, Fine!
Thats what I do, though if I like any girl, I approach her and ask her out.
That is like saying a man with a large penis is a good lover.
Well, you just need to tell her.
Should I move on or Wait?
ask her why she did that and then you make up your desicion.
Definately is not easy, but is well worth it!
why not its a great work out
if he doesnt then thats a judgment call 4 u
Well only if she thinks he's the ONE for her...
I have pictures of my mom kissing my tiny little head.
love hurts sweetie and you got nothing to prove that he won't hurt you again.so, let him go.
IMO - I think it's fine.
distance doesnt really matter these days :)
OF COURIS THE DATE WITH A KISS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I told my friend to go home.
i bed with woman ,our go beach with towel make love our in shower ,
try to dod it alittle at a time.
it was leaking tears till i got the piece taken out.
or just walk for an hour or two a day to get rid of some fat too.
Dirty clothes are a big turn off too.
Is sociaty that biased or am I just missing something here ?
If so does that mean you were playing games with those gals???
im my self and im friends with everyone.
You could try to get closer to her through her friends, let her know the real you!
always beleiving that everything is -1, below the scale, bad ,will go wrong long ever b4 attempting.........
..SO TELL THEM THAT IS NONE OF YOUR BUSSINES...MORONS!
How much stronger can you get?
PUT TOOTHPASTE OVER THEM OVER NIGHT!!!!!!!!!!!!
you don't want to be held responsible for their break up
don't be an intrument of satan.
Because they don't want to wait.
we have all gone through it!
you have to decide who u really wanna stick with to get married.
Yea if you dont try to push it then he probablly will
Here's a good site to go to......
And lastly, don't lead either of them on.
you dont wanna know.....but i will show you if you drop by at my house....
grow up and stop thinking with your peter.
100% if not protected even if it was oral sex
how does he treat u i need more info to answer this question
and you can say whatever you want.
i think thats the best way to do it.
Come on, it sounds like you don't really want to be her best friend.
oh..and carot juice in the morning.
TO TELL YOU WHAT TO DO??..NO!!
i don't mean to sound sore, but that's love, really.
You are in college enjoy yourself!!
What if you do start dating?
well, i am better than average then how about 8.5
Going after someone just for there monnney that's not true happeness.
well, you can't blame your best friend totally cos love works in funny ways.
best way to get over insecurity.
My advice, don't say a word to her husband.
think about the qualities u like in a person thats the key
then you call her and ask if she tried to call you yet.
If you dont feel ready to tell your boyfriend that you love him just dont.
how about....talking about him and be the person he wants you to be
yeah to say there is would be racist.
follow ur heart.get to know her better maybe shes not that bad who knows ask her friends
if he'll still glance at the gay man.
How ever you both have to want to fix the problems.
i too lost both of my parents but they passed beause of illness.
Try to end it bieng friends at the least.
oh yeah you can tell if she likes girls by.........
she is a mystery isn't she?
Because all guys just want to bust a nut and it doesn't who with.
faint heart never won fair lady.
Then again if she is ugly forget about both of them.
If it is Im really bad.
Tell her you hate it and won't stand for it anymore.
i have times, when, i swear, women are just throwing it at me as i walk down the street.
b. go back to her with my tail between my legs?
no it is not wrong at all, it is totally natural.
or you're the one looking one for him?
and so on and so on.
Otherwise I like to get Basketball Tickets!
And I love travel too, though haven't done much yet.
not if you dought yourself girl
if you find out what a woman wants, please let me know!
If she meant no then it's no.
)ACTING A CERTAIN WAY WHEN HE REALLY ISN'T LIKE THAT CAN BE A NUMBER OF REASONS.
his clothes does not matter at all.
Let me get some thing straight here.
If you need to yell and scream, just leave.
i got married in august, not to hot or to cold and i had an outdoor wedding
However if your in love...USE A CONDOM!
someone please help me because i am truely torn.
TO ME IT IS JUST BEING YOU IF YOURE PUSHIE HE'LL FEEL LIKE YOUR SOMETHING YOUR NOT
We've desensitized sex so much that just hanging out seems lame by comparison.
Tell her, girls like to her the truth GOOD LUCK
Why marry to only find out they are lame in bed?
look no more, your crush is here!
if she chooses johnny depp(which she will) obviously shes not fruity!!
so whoever it is your just gonna have to flat out ask her what she ment by it.
Or in one nike sneaker and one brown shoe with non-matching socks?
my friend even yelled at me and gave me a hour lecture because of it.
i play football with all the guys at my school !!
my daddy, because he has taught where to set my standards for life.
if she says no, then you dont have to feel bad or wonder what's wrong with you.
Civ 4, netflix, once in a while I go out to eat.
even lust or love.... it's good to start with a kiss...
i don't think you should worry about it.
that is the worst that can happen.
NOTE: DO WHAT YOU WOULD WANT YOUR BEST FRIEND TO DO TO YOU!
true love will take time dont be drawn in to fast by lust
(I guess my ex-wife didn't see it that way.)
What the heck is that about?
He says they do other stuff, but I don't ask for detail!
YOU CAN'T MAKE ANYBODY TRUST YOU, SHE HAS TO SEE THAT FOR HERSELF THAT YOU ARE A TRUSTWORTHY PERSON.
So time isn't really the problem!!
Boys are dumb.. just face it.
if that doesnt work go to zabasearch.com?
tell him that you don't want to kiss him until you marry him.
yes i would just because they have a disability doesnt mean and thing there a human to
are somethings truely better left unsaid or what????
(be careful of hubby tho, this is a bad issue)Good luck.
well they're in laws...so make ur husband do it, it's his family
IF WE CAN DO IT SO CAN YOU
Then you can make love all you want!
(by the way, he has no girlfriend and he's not gay)
if ur ugly, then dont tho
Don't waste your time on him, he isn't worth it.
I just answer this 'cuz I'm Vietnamese too.
Men don't usually marry sheep because sheep can't cook.
Tell her you aren't her safety net.
YOU WANT MORE BUT YOU ARE AFRAID SHE WILL NOT SEE AS THE BOYFRIEND TYPE.
There is a HUGE difference between just sex and making love!
Either you are in love or you are sick
Simply tell him that you need a little bit longer...
i feel you on that one thats what ive been wondering
it just when we try sex he has these problems and we are both gettin frusterated.
escort her into the bathroom,& tell her you'd love to take a shower together.
Why would a guy do something like that?
when u feel like going out of the way n helping this person.
but what if there's no one there to talk to u?
Oh and another thing, don't put yourself out there for a guy who is not interested in you.
Then we don't know that we almost hurts someone ...
go for it if hes flurting with u u have nothing to lose
your true love will fond you!
make a separate email account in yahoo
No matter what you do someone has to cheat it.
simply ask if he would like to hang out sometime and give him a phone number.
You just can't forget the whole thing.
How to get out of it?
hmmm....  4 me longest 1 month.
BE A GOOD BOY AND RESPECT AND BELOVE anayone!
but U got to keep looking or U'll never know.
Or should I just get over it?
if you used it to get $100.00 in change, i would say you've made a profit ;-)
WHY DO WOMEN GIVE MEN A BUNCH OF CRAP ABOUT PORN?
and my mom, shes always nagging me and sumtimes i hate her.
JUST TELL HER THAT YOU NEED TO TALK TO HER AND LET HER KNOW HOW YOU FEEL ABOUT HER.
just to see what they get and to get the satifaction that they can get a gurl turned on
and you will be happier with this one!
not for me main is 4 in chese is thise big         ........................................
drink alchol at a party with at least100 other people
you won't know if you don't ASK
but work on it slow take your time to open up with her
waitet 5 years to do this right?
not that easy bro but one tging i can tell you BE YOURSELF.GOODLUCK
I think best place is HOME.... SWEET HOME.....
How  could you ever trust her??
Well get rid of thi then.Who cares?
nope your not your name is only on the card not the account
How about you find a nice guy with no strings.
enything negative harmfull, bad ex i will never win.
because you might find he is wonderful.
im not sure whether he feels 'good riddance' or whether he still cares for me.
I mean, I love parties too but he shouldn't take it to extreme.
So keep on trying .. there's a whole world of nice people out there
C'mon i mean, lets be real.
Then a guy might come around.But dont rush yourself to get a bf.
If you love him then yes i would give him a second chance.
Gee, I have a CRAZY idea!
or maybe he doesn't want a girlfriend right now.
Some are scared of rejection,... some are just PIMP WANNA BES!
performace anxiety get married and it just might clear up.
hell yes would you want someone to ask your wife out
Ask a girl out, or get a hooker.
who knows you mite decided you dont love him as much as u thought he did after it.
Treat her almost like one of the guys.
Well if it was me, I would go where women who like women hang out.
Hi I'm a gal, and have brown hair!
When I married, I married for life.
but white girls come across as easier.
Now if it is a woman that may not like women, then get her drunk :) lol
since their marriage its been almost 2years - Now, they are having problems.
say your sorry thats all you can do
Ok, women need to be romanced.
Only she's liked him since freshman year.
gurls luv funi guys so iif ur funii then ur half way there!!
you can just treat him right..
when she came home from work she smelled like i don't know what.
if you look you will run into alot of dead end roads!
yes, its a very strong word if some one belives you when u tell them i love you.
love is the answer i mean if you loved the persen would you want them doing what your doing
never change who you really are.
Three: if he licks his lips alot near you.
u would know if he tells u that he love almost all the time.
i've done it 5 times in the course of a night.
oh, buddy..  it's SO not right!
wake up both of you it might save a lot of problems .
are there signs or something that shows a man that shes diggin him or what?
sry i cant help you with this question but i can say dont give up.
Is he OCD (obsessive compulsive) on stuff???
make eyes and conversation with another female  talk about other girls and or dates.
I want to have sex after marriage.
there are a million ways of making a girl feel special.
I LOVE YOU, and don't you forget it..  send him FLOWERS to the house not work....  and so on..
All I want is a list of places my boyfriend and I can go.
don't invite him over and don't ask him what he wants to do
I just know if I love the person that I am with then it seems to be GREAT!!
But you cant be satified because you banged some guy that was bigger.
He is the cutest thing  ever!!!
Run, don't walk to a marriage counselor!
People are just people; no getting around it, I guess.
You say he's been like that for 20 years???
DO YOU WANT TO HANG OUT?
of couse woman enjoys sex it depends on how good the sex is
But beleive me it makes it that much better !
YOu dont like him so let him no how u feel.
(or stuff one at a time)
what do you really have to lose?
AND BE SURE THAT IT'S CONSENSUAL!!!
no cuz age aint nothin but a number
now if you think it is a bad idea, then follow this adviice.
{{ SHAKE SHAKE }}  The outcome is unclear...  {{ SHAKE SHAKE }}  That is very unlikely
but deep down, i still luv her.
definately not our bodies were designed for sex so why not love i do i love it a lot
I think u don't really want any of them, wait for number 3!
or does she accidentally touch ur hand n then smile?
Ask her if you can FUCK HER UP HER NICE TIGHT SWEET ASS!
me you what is your age I need a boyfriend
Nope just you ;)  Oh, and I see Uber_wise_James too.
i didnt get married to get divorced.
EITHER OR IT ALL DEPENDS ON THE MOOD THAT YOU ARE IN WHEN YOU CLOSE THE DATE
now she trys to be nice but it is so hard to forget what she did.
consider yourself lucky my mom didn't care and it took me many years to learn how to be happy
just marry a billionaire so that you can make him a millionaire
lose all of your inhibitions......be wild
But you have to do what you have to do.
now my ssecond one is one of the meanest person on the face of the earth .
let them work it out on their own.
How about not talking and getting a life !
and see where you need work.
i dont think a 18 year old should be going out with a 23 year old
That is if shes not pissed at you.
Show up late on the wrong day?
But hey, what's in a name, eh?
when girls tries to domiante a man it attrats the most
Because he is guy who can not see any better
rehurse it the day before & just ask her questions & talk to her
You aren't, you are a little gray egotistical box.
i would talk to him or ask a friend of his if he likes u
i hate to tell you this but...... u dont  never look back
chocolate every woman loves chocolate i mean i do, and maybe some flowers like a rose.
baby look you is not resonsible for nothing that has your name on it .
and all your love with a sweet smile and huge.
The part about him saying he has no son.... well, putting it nicely...he's a butthole!
Take her out to a casino!
first find a girl near about u and try to make her girlfriend ok
me and my family usually get along.
You can't go back, that's like staying at your job after they fired you!
SOONER OR LATER IT WILL BREAK AND HE WILL BE HURT MORE THAN IF YOU JUST TELL HIM.
If she doesn't want you to tell him then you shouldn't.
im a guy and i think you be honest with him and he should respect that
No stings attached - just sexy mail, from someone you've never seen... Yah, sunds good!
Ask if you could join in.
she doesnt really act like she cares for the friendship
if you feel you must...then you dont need to be married!
usually his di ck on her a.s.s
don't pick one guy and stick with him unless you're sure about it, because that's not fair to him.
just say  it plain to him guys are like that
if you feel you must...then you dont need to be married!
usually his di ck on her a.s.s
don't pick one guy and stick with him unless you're sure about it, because that's not fair to him.
Some girls are ugly as blondes but i like brunettes better
just say  it plain to him guys are like that
Tell him you love him but if they think you don't you can't change it!
Taboo is more fun, so better make some normal things taboo, or they won't be fun 8)
something maybe on thier mind or they may not like you
So tell them quit hating and go find their own.
And some of them are thinking of the kids too.
You read that they actually get caught less than guys do?
She just may very well just like quickies like she says!
leave him and get wit me
use a cock ring you can get them most sex shops.
And, remember DO NOT go back to him!
lost love years ago no relief no recovery still have that same love to give to another
r u a girl , age......... reply me , atleast answer something to my question
What the hell is wrong with some of you all?
would it be ok if youre girlfriend cheated but just for sex?duh!
try not to hang on with him or his friends,go out,do different things i don't know try new things
home made baby it has to hot and fresh.
So i'm sorry but, i gotta do it.
you cant tell til u see it for yourself
You guys need to get a grip.
but someone trys to tell you and you don't listen.
If you meet someone great, heck yeah!
How u love him or her?
I owuld dump her if it was me
i have a bipolar friend and i like him what do i do
But as girls mature, they realize that bailing your boyfriend out of jail is not a good thing.
Then I heard a voice saying Sure, here you go.
If she has to ask you, then drop it.
So persist on her going with u, convince her how cool it's gonna be and stuff.
wow you are 26 pretty and really sweet then really i am bad luck that i cant meet you....
Most older men like honest women.
Hey ya ever in Charlotte, Nc shoot me a email, dinner or coffee my treat.
methinks if she's being so shy that means she digs you.
I bet he is looking for you too!
its the perfect kiss if its the perfect person.
So still be friends with him, but let him know upfront thats all just friends...
She turned around and looked at me.
She confronted him and he ended up leaving her for the other girl!!!
if u r in love or emotionally involved with some one then there is a telepathy between the two.
Don't get me wrong though, divorce sucks.
starting with her lips, move down to her neck...
If not, then you are OK for oral.
!No, are you seriously asking this question??
her, but whatever you do don't do it face to face.
nope sorry can't help you...already married but their may be some takers
because you can have respect without love, but you can't have love without respect.
Act the way u always act.
eww what kind of question is that?
skinny hot girls have self-esteem problems which makes them vulnerable .
THAT ALONE WOULD MAKE ME STRONG WILLED TO SAY NO WAY!
probally a whales....maybe a giant squid...*snickers*
i should have cheated   trina and kelly,thats a good song lol
move on theirs other fish's in the sea.
you will feel it  in your heart
I did not cheat and never will.
I can't believe you have to actually ask this question.
i have heard it was the flicker lol
10 points for her brain 10 points for her body 10 points for her availability
Well, maybe you should be a lil more flirty.
YOU DONT NEED WORDS TO SAY YOUR BEAUTIFUL OR I LOVE YOU ITS IN THEN EYES AND SOLE
i believe in love at first site...  cuz i experienced it.
because you wouldn't care if they go judgemental on you.
DON'T USE YOUR CAPS LOCK KEY.
She just has to love you back.
if u beleive n listen to ur dreams then for u telepathy is a truth n not a myth.
it might mean that she's just kidding around and maybe that's her way of flirting!!
no, that's why they call it love at first sight
hmmmmm good question.....I cannot wait to see the answers to this one!!
You don't owe the girlfriend anything!
go for it but be damm careful (bring condoms)
Once you start hitting off well while flirting, sit on his lap or something.
Ask yourself if you really care.
I like to get kids veggie tale videos.
Just be kool and ask her be4 someone else gets her sweetie.
i just have a wondering eye.
i just want a man who cares for me and not just for sex.
Just don't push it and just go with the flow.......if there is one?
I'VE HAD THE EXACT SAME PROBLEM FOR A LONG TIME.
and attracting him , and do what he likes ,
if he's got a girlfriend, your a little late.
how are you in love with someone you dont even know?
WHY DO MOST GUYS THINK THEY CAN USE OR MANIPULATE WOMEN?
but don't let him talk you in toanything you don't want to do.
punch him in the arm and run a way... that will really get his attention!
but u don't have to suffer because of him.
You are a lady killer my friend!
She'd go to be with me instead of saying how boring it was.
live him alone and go out with me
you have to realy know what too do.
I'm not a girl, but let me just tell you that I totally sympathize!
Is it that he really loves you too?
.. not the [posessed humans]..there just weak.spiritualy.
We have only talked twice before...)
no but get to know them
no he may have a big problem at the moment.
Will a hefty trash bag 39 gallon help ya?
there are lots of things to discover.
Do you call him a lot several times so he would not think it was a big deal?
if not then you either can get the proof and go to her or don't say any thing.
say he has a small dick (man part)  shut em up so fast
it might just be a man thing to stroke his ego
what is ur messenger id, so we can chat
I f you do not get the worst, alright!
yes, especially when you are feeling horny.
boss, the whole of india is beautiful.
you over on the phone with her whitty, funny, personality.
people do answer your question so wat r u talking about?!!!!!!!!!!??????
i am a female, but i think that all they think about is SE.X but whatever!!
Right if you keep running back to Mr.
stay overseas and enjoy it, visit lots of new places.
it didnt take me long for my g/f to kiss me.
either act like a man and be here for me and the baby or were gonna leave u.
Too old would be the 46 to 50's
im saving the goodies for the man who wins me over mind body and soul..... with a wedding ring.
and he really dont love you cause he didnt think of you when he made a crime
IN ESSENSE IT IS ALL ABOUT YOU AND THAT PERSON.
i kno dis myte sound helluh cornee but...start wit a compliment...lyk hyz hair or clothez..datz wut i do!
If you WANT to have sex with him, yes.
and what if he is one of your good friends?
never do anything you don't want to just because they want to .
some women want sex with no strings attatched too.
To be Honest with you there is no wrong choice in the matter (If you don't have a heart!!)
you guys are having lunch, then your in bed a few days later with this guy.
she's looking for a perfect moment for you 2 do that.
I told the words that hurt them very bad like poison (
You should go to Yahoo Personals.
Do what the guys do, ask him out for coffee.
so what you need to do is ask her.
just kidding i think aaaa.... no money works
if not, than you can relinquish it.
some gay guys let and like for men to use them.
Boy meets girl, girl meets boy...they like each other so much and eventually...boom!
ask someine youknow their e-mail or whatever.
u can feel it u tell your self wat ur intersted in.
don't do anything either until he says whats up then tell him
Just come out and say want you want!
His fiance found out they were thru & he was w/ Jolie by reading it in the tabloids!
i think u should try to talk to her and tell her how u feel.
i am thinking he does not really love you.
sure but it sounds like there is a catch phrase.
samething ladies r looking for basically
i think u should try to talk to her and tell her how u feel.
if not your thing try a cock ring or even better both, whether using condoms or not
i am thinking he does not really love you.
sure but it sounds like there is a catch phrase.
samething ladies r looking for basically
i met this guy one month ago.
i can't make the girl that i love her feel ehat i feeling ?
or birth control pills work too
Go to beach or parks and have picnics or you guys can invite a few friends over.
ya i think you might have a chance.
Hope i was able to help...
SUCK HIS COCK SLOW AND LONG
all he does is to send texts messages once in a while.
Thats why Im the one that cooks.
Wanna play truth or dare wit us today?
hmmm see, i am a university student.
with shy guys... just  tell him what you want!
oh yeah you are drop dead gorgeous
if u can dare call me at 09837290860
i had a live in girl friend in dallas .
i suggest you keeping going at your game
Keep zippers shut and legs crossed.
I think you are the biggest penis in the world
a time when she isn't going to explode, etc.).
some girls think small penises are cute
I didn't know you used Yahoo!
Probably not right away but she'll know.
its called oops lets not tell anyone about that one
because their parents didnt learn them right things
First thing I gotta say is how old is he?
Now adays those that do stay home are internet addicted.
always having cell phone within her reach at all times, and freaks if you go near it.
You have to be yourself and be mature!
right now a guy between 17-25 is in his prime that means he needs it all the time!
You want HIM to ask YOU out again.
Don't let him have his cake and eat it to!
think about it and be very careful.
u have to wait and see.
if we drank alot 2 hours.
And dont care about any other
BUT HE SHOULD HAVE DISCUSED THIS ISLAM ISSUE WITH HIS PARTNER IN LIFE, HIS WIFE.
But go ahead and try if your that desperate.
can i ask you a question?
Ok......just my own opinion mind you.....but here goes:  Lust seems to be purely physical.
what kind of clothing do i look for
My Mom was twenty-five when she got pregnant with me & my dad was twenty-seven.
Where on earth did you get that?
and maybe try to kiss him on the cheek first.
Guys, believe it or not, have feelings too!
YOU WANT THAT PERSON IN UR SPACE.
Yes, I think so because many people just are in closet!
some women are never on time.
If anything is telling you no, then dont do it.
Its like your very own harem!
maybe shes not the right one and theres someone else for the both of you....that would be my answer!
do you think he just want ass.
which one do you love more?
just come out and say just what you just said.
i wonder if you can call this love.
Miami, it's hot and everybody's sexy....
I think that all guys do that even if they say they don't.
Sweeti - you can't MAKE anyone love you.
they start loving you the way you are?
Be her friend first and foremost!
for the same reason that some people like chocolate ice cream and some people like vanilla.
ivonne is my cusion and greg is the guy
U find girl with small hoo hoo.
you dont want a phony relationship.
i think guys do like tomboys.
it is fun to do it to
because your heart does not know the difference between same sex and opposite sex.
i would say, however, that women are no better.
u mean on the computer or with webcam?
So why not make it a date in the place where you first met?
hi u seem ok but what do u realy look like
Lots of ways to discover your mate here.
many man r just stupid and they want to play with you they r just jerks(Answer my questions 2)
but its good to be the leader once in a while...
Then, I read the other's answers and thought they had a point too.
these days i think it is like on cuz it's krazly given to/by everyone
u will know that true feeling
neema seem so u forgot to ask the question...ok...
The fact that she is keeping it for just one guy only is a big thing!
most important,do u like her mind?
he loves u more than that.
It's best you don't go out with guys who want you just for your looks!
Gotta see both sides of the story.
DO you like him, if you do just talk to him and stuff.
More concerned  about what he thinks your not giving him emotionally then mad .
Let us know how it goes!!
It would be nice if I havent heard of that poem once before!
don't jack off because it inhibits u
Yes my bf cheats on me i got total proof and he still denys it
you cheated just to have sex?
Maybe he likes u he will notice u and ask u out.
1 time, baby number 2 was on the way.
If you don't ask you'll never know
find a quiet place where both of you are comfortable at.
well, i was heartbroken when i found out my exbf was cheating on me.
u shouldn't care about the women or anything.
how long have u guys being going out?
If he actually CARES about you then he will slow it down.
Act like this (*^#(^)#($&_(@#&@)( Just Kidding...  Act unimpress but very interested in things he do...
when we spoke he told me he was working, and couldn't call me back.
Just pull her to the side one day and tell her how you really feel.
people are afriad of things they don't understand.
i hope they all find out.
Then follow it up with ARE YOU STILL HAPPY WITH ME?
I dont want to be so someone's sugar mama!
well i think romantic dinner and then party or honey moon
most girls are very shy and they need a little push so as for them to roll with you.
no offense, but that is a dumb question.
i thought it would push people away, but wouldn't you know it guys thought it was sexy.
I think it's because they like penis.
THE ANTICIPATION WILL BUILD ON HER END.
u should say something to him if he wont say anything to you
they've only met a year ago.. and to my surprise..she chose that girl!!
But don't make it overly obvious either.
I just don't know how to tell if he likes me or how to get him to notice me
But then I'm getting to the point where I'm in the middle between 27 and 60, LOL
we never fight and we see each other every chance we get
you cant do that if you didnt know you were doing it in the first place.
do him a favor, go out with him to  applebees and say you need to go to the restroom.
What steve wrote; I second that!
do you think I should wait_???
but she shud b wise enuf not to land her in a soup.
It is a good feeling though, it makes life more interesting...have fun!
money diamonds and jewelery homeboy  i know cause my gurl loves all that junk
after a couple of months.. ?
you cant just make urself popular!!
No, I don't believe that it is wrong.
Tell him if he loves you he will wait.
Its  a good thing--I love to feel that way!
love has many reasons that reasons cannot reason
but if he doesn't want, don't force him too much.
i dont have a husband but if i did i would be furious!
Maybe that's just who they've fallen in love with.
it just hits you thats all that happens
What can we do thats fun, and cheap?
I don't!-I let her make the first moves, then take it slow/go from there.
FAMILY IS MORE IMPORTANT BUT MAYBE YOU SHOULD TELL HER SHE IS BEING REALLY   REALLY SELFISH.
Don't go into debt for your wedding!
i've tried freezing a spoon and lay it on the hickey!
If you don't mind it, then go with the flow.
i need more details which kind of love ?
and i clean up quite will so ive been told , lol
theres other things to worry about
Just do all you can to make things well with her again.
it really doesnt matter, just find the right guy and make sure its the right time!
that's what i tell people who ask this questions.
first of all why was he in jail for?
chocolate with mint (those are seriously good).
you might get a 15 year old telling you she`s 30
IF NOT, TELL HIM YOU LOVE HIM BUT THAT YOU'RE IN LOVE WITH HIS D O GG Y STYLE
maybe, but i look at a lot of guys all the time, even though i have a boyfriend.
take one day at a time.
No, it's with the one you hate the most.
we like to hear that too!
I hate dumb girls that are arrogant like hell.
can u show ur face & Id ?
Just believe me when I say that your my cutie pie.
And other men don't do this?
use a lie detector, just kidding!!
And tell her that sh_t won't cool .
I myself do it while i am with my hubby.
whomever u feel most attracted to just tell them how u feel.
i know u want to have any experience, but u will regret it.
If you say you love him too and are lying you are making a big mistake.
we just don't want you to notice that we notice.
He says,I'm mad, I'm going drinking.
Beliveve me I don't but let me tell u about something that happen At school.
coz the stranger doesnt even care a bit about you!
i guess thats what they mean when they say love at first sight.
THINK OF TIGER WOODS AND HIS WIFE.
he tells me he's so lonely and he misses me.
i am a girl and i think confidence wins guys over if they are smart anyway.
and i dont usually remember too much!
a remote control car, a cd player, a karaoke machine
i am single too, thanks for the 2point :)
But in the end...i found a wonderful guy on match.com.
but the funniest thing is.. they never look back to check whether im staring at their ass!!!
We're not married yet but I'm working on it!
i really don't want m----- stop liking me.
you have to talk to him yourself and tell him you like him!
If he really likes you he will make the first move
RUN as fast as you can!!
that depends i could give you suggestions but i couldnt promise they would work.
do women actully go 4 this just random and never c him again
u cant neglect a GM .........
when are you going to move on?
I know I love her, I can't wait for my fist slap,thats love, aint it?
um, yeah, try a ziploc bag.
toys i recommend the power glove!!!!!!
We love those bad boys don't we.
and listen to your heart (not other people) but, keep logic close to your heart.........
my ex gf is marrying the wrong guy  ...
i waited until i was almost 19, and the guy was a total jerk.
She does not love you  she wants a puppet.
i need to look for his personality and the passion he has for me or else for get it!
when his pals arrived, he introduced me like, that's my girl diane.
ME AND MY FRIEND TRIED IT FOR LAUGHTS, AND LAUGHS WAS ALL IT WAS GOOD FOR!
Its about adoring it for what it is......good, bad and ugly.
How i feel so good with dating and have fun a good time without my boo!
eye contact, and time spending w/ u
just take it easy and relax.
I am in love right now.
I don't think that's how it should be.
I also know some girls went to prom without a date...and thats cool too!
But you could make it longer!
And am done and over with that too.
Remember: 1.this will most likely bite you in the butt later.2.
I AM SICK OF GETTING THOSE FATTY GIRLS AT CLOSING TIME AT THE BAR THAT DON'T TURN YOU DOWN.
Yeah, I feel the same way.
Well you can't trust girls as friends or as people you just talk to.
The ones I know won't just say it.
but sometimes drunk if u wanna spunk thing up
I agree some women do like quickies.
being a Friend means being with them in both good and bad times.
plenty, depends what kind of relations do you mean
now that isnt to say that I dont have problems....just different ones.
But it's like, now that she is with him she never wants to chill with me anymore.
now i havent tried to contact him in 2 days.
And keep in mind that YOU DESERVE HAPPINESS!
!If you wpould like more advise...Email me @ meow3994@yahoo.com!!
just bite ur lip and say it.
Plenty of other nice looking DECENT men out there who have brains bigger than a walnut!
Its not bad to fantasize no matter how extreme.
i dont know...maybe he will like that type of thing...flattery.
Now, I don't know what to do.
be thankful that she sees all this stuff and yet she is still with you
And if you like the other 6 words holler @ me if you like.
A long time ago I saw Ricky Martin dancing on TV.
Or maybe you just haven't found the right man yet.
But theres another part that tells me if i say yes he would jump @ the chance.
probably drunk but i couldnt really tell you because when i get drunk i get wasted!
if you are not willing to wait then you should break up with him.
It's sort of like a bruise.
Are you sure they're really girls?
he'll be so blown away that you'll get whatever you ask for...
the most i ever got was 7 hours.
i think its only you who could answer that.
the guy purchases for the girl and and the gal gets one for the guys thats what happens here
Im goin through the same thing.
im kool wit my X. soem ppl rnt though
stay with your boy!and tell the other boy your sorry!
none as long as they are legal age
I guess you don't put ketchup on your eggs either?
Tell her you don't want any commitments.
just kidding about the last one, please don't.
I just dont know what to do.
It really dont matter if he likes someone else.
yes i have ached for someone
If it's mutual, then you're both simply nymphomaniacs gettin' yer freak on!
wow which country ur from where there is no fools
women are just as bad as men if not worse because their better at it.
someone who truly loves you will respect u...so i guess respect is more important in a way...
yeat its real, but when you young, you just have crashes thats it.
why a married man goes to a hotel with a girl who is engaged?
bc fighting is part of marriage and if you got through this one you can make it!!
you are very sexy and hot.i would like to date with you
do you think people choose to be gay or lesbian because it's fun?
i get more offers because i'm with someone,other girls see that dedication and want a piece of it.
If your food can't be eaten, well just call for a pizza delivery!
don't get too caught up because he was a perfect gentleman for that 1 night .
definitely sober, although a little tipsy is pretty awesome too!
If he said yes then u have ur answer but if he said no... hard luck girl...
active your boyfriend sexually as possible
BUT DON'T RUSH RIGHT INTO SEX W/ HER AFTER THE KISS.
First he will look at u more than any other girls.
As stats show they get caught lesses than men
rock on you got any pic's or home movies?
I play hard to get i guess..
Does he have alot of money?
you can get them in all sizes.
I strongly believe in virginity... not just because I'm a Christian...
If I got to be 27 again, heck yeah!
Men don't have as much to worry about.
But she got eventually got pregnant.
no difference at all(except of hair color)
If he's lying, dump his sorry ass.
well just clik on that face in ur messeges thing
It is good to have sex with one who loves you also
how about she is board and she want to dance.
THE PEOPLE THERE ARE CRAZY LONELY AND THEY GO THERE CAUSE THEY THINK THEY CAN IMPRESS SOMEBODY WITH CONVERSATION!
sign up for a dating service
Why else did you get a hickey on your neck?
sex lots and lots of it
Dear let me our marriage date ok.......LOL
You will know it ... by her eyes!
And then see how he feels about you!
wow... depends on how strong she is and how strong you are guys are.
If he was THE ONE, I'd still want him to quit.
just getting to know someone doesn't have to lead to more.
and ask her to dance too!
honestly...some gurls dont want to embarress themselves.
he sitll feels the same but u don't
when you care about everything she/he cares about and you don't want her/ him to get hurt
stay in your marraige unless someone is causing physical pain.
no unless its your mom or sisters not girls in general.
work 55 hrs a week to occupy my mind.
well since you waited 5 years wait till they break up.
You dont ask her at all.
well im my opinion you may say :  boyfriend: I love you!
though truth really hurts, but your boyfriend needs to move on.
if that is the case forget him.
She is so hot, i had a huge crush on her like forever
I almost peed myself watching that movie!
well, if you love your boyfriend then you will have to sacrifice the other boy.
Then ask your self how old is he?
But download it you'll see what I mean
They teach kids stuff as they are having fun!
for some people it is love at first site.
It is hard bc u can't see them all the time
i do i think it's wrong when some don't b/c they find it wrong.
I don't think so... No one can control me
we talk alot about just about anything.
2. there to stupid to know which hole to stick it in.
and my second husband had the same thing.
seems like he doesn't even know what he really wants... :/
Even a shy guy will nod his head yes or no.
What you mean is do guys like ugly girls with zero feminity?
could u know that you love someone right off the bat?
smile at him..  let him catch you looking at him ... maybe wink at him then look away.
yes and no  it depends on the actual situation  has she seen you before and likes you ?
because most fat girls are ball busting bitches with too much self confidence .
Tell him to get over it!
Is strongly liking someone somewhere around twice your age a bad thing...?
Some but not most thats wrong and discusting unless ur ugly
It hurts some women to the point that they won't have sex with him, while others love it.
and sometimes it is just to dance.
Girls like that sort of attention.
But its not my kind of thing
some girls take advantage of nice guys.
the man is married, and i have a boyfriend.
but my private is too smaller than you..isn't it..?
I have a leather whip at home...never used it though...lol.
and it puts the ball in his court for the next move :) good luck
If you are just hanging out, then you shouldn't.
Have a schlong like Tommy Lee.
Hey, I have an idea... ask your mom.
I just which it was the ever way around.
he always promise to do things that he know he will never do.
it keeps you from having kids befor you need them.
I know it sounds sappy, but it works!
make out with classy guys that wont vampire your neck
my suggestion is that you just keep finding ways of talking to him.
Aren't you laying it on a little thick?
Are we playing 20 questions, this could be fun, LOL
he is so sxy you like him more than everybody
oh, and always best, make the first move, we think its really sweet!
but i dont know how to tell him or even if i should???
But for you it may be diffrent!!
lol...atleast you have the balls to ask...umm...read up on some kama sutra..it teachs you how...it works too.
I don't think there is any one killer bullett!
leave that to a doc or someone else.
OMG, what else could we read here?
He makes fun of you,bugs you,and hangs out with you
Yes, cheating is wrong, no matter what.
SO I DO NOTHING AND STAYING WITH HIM BUT CAN'T BELIVE THAT HE LIE ON ME!!!
Don't be afraid to ask your partner what he likes, or to tell him what YOU like!
What the best you do can about that...?
Do I tell her (I think she might be interested)?Or do i leave it alone.
No matter how long your in a relationship now.
because they dont think with their heads they think with their d icks!
Good luck and Happy Birthday to your brother!
that she wants to dance... duh...lol well, it could honestly mean a lot of things.
WHY does he keep calling me telling me he misses me???
I find men with self confidence to be sexy.
DONT FORGET TO CHOOSE AND VOTE FOR BEST ANSWER!!!
could downgrade her see here here and there and date others.
you do not want to see your gf cry
I don't think it matters, really.
Only thing is that girls date for relationships and some guys don't.
don't just keep silent pretending you are happy in this relationship.
try to know if he really loves u or not.
(just until you're ready to give it to him)........ mmmmmmmmmmmm  messed up i know,  but it's the truth.
If I didn't like to be with them I wouldn't.
i mean be wise,clever and careful and dont get laid into traps.
if that doesn't work, then have a mutual friend (who KNOWS) to explain it to her.
yeah.absolutely.did something stupid too to fulfill it.ahhh.
- You can't imagine your life without him/her.
Even though it doesn't or never did belong too them.
just take it slow, you dont have to marry the guy tomorrow!
he later asked me, do you mind if we cuddle?
(and kiss him in some corner if all goes well.)
do u think he will call me after it happens.
But for my money, I find brunettes a lot more attractive.
TRUST ME IT ANINT WORTH IT.
i agree with all this answer and i can't tell anything bec they tolled u every thing
not just a chat room but a dateing site.
hell probly start looking 4 some1 who will love him.
But white man don't love black women.
I'll give 'em the message for ya ;-)
u have to earn ur way up there.. be nice to everyone!
GOOD LUCK AND I HOPE YOU FIND THE RIGHT GIRL FOR YOU AND REMEMBER BE MATURE AND BE YOURSELF!!
both, because it would work out better.
You really don't have to love people, you just have to respect them.
If it was the right guy, you would know
Does he take you out in public?
wait until you know how you feel.
If that person is the one that hurt you the answer is NO!
IN FORNT OF THE GUY YOU LIKE IN A RAISED VOICE.LET HIM OVER HEAR YOU.
It gets better and easier, I promise.
Plus you get a tax cut.
And everyone is stupid about love so ur not just the only one.
I look at behinds, chests, flys ; ).
if she really likes you, then she will give you a sign.
there are plnty of men out there.
IF HE LOVES YOU IT'LL SHOW.
how do i get a girl??
Or a special dinner at a nice restaurant.
Oh you meant sex RULES !
Girl why did u say no?
MAYBE U JUST NEED TO TRY TO WORK YOUE PROBLEMS OUT INSTEAD OF LEAVING ONE ANOTHER.
tell him...maybe he feels the same way and is afraid to bring it up.
Is it ok for your hubby to play golf when he feels like it?
we had some lone time ourselves so we just chat.
but you just have to do it while youre under their roof.
AFTER TWO MORE MEETINGS W/ HER DO THE SAMETHING, BUT GO FURTHER, CHANCES ARE YOU WILL SCORE.
If yall have known each other for a while she could just want you
Never mind what I just said...
Depends if she's hot or not.
On one hand our bodies tell us to go, go go!
Tell her that you think its best you both move on.
Experience is nice in women too :)
Break alls coz you are not favour with them
3. look for bunch of dudes talking to each others and choose the guy you like, total freedom!!!
everyone wants me for one thing and thats sex.
Men don't like to loose and having sex is the ultimate goal.
no whi u luv is who u luv.
not many excuses here as to what he is doing.
Definitely impossible to swallow....but yet they want you to!
I keep at an arms lenght but he barges in
and then, if you can, ask him out to a casual date with friends.
i hope she/he is cool too.
we have nothing we dont talk about.
i am afraid that m----- will not be friends with me if i am not friends with b-----.
It's not an issue of her leaving her husband, more like someone to be friends with...
i don't have his social life in my face all the time.
if when he calls & you see its him do you light up?
!And then you can relaxx and enjoy!!
When he says he Loves You with out saying a word.
You can't rush love.......and you can't make it exist if its not there.
He and my cousin had a really nice time at the prom!
When any girl looks at me like that, (even if I don't like her) I feel flattered.
but, yeah, he probably likes you.
I THINK IF U LIKE HER AN DSHE LIKES U IT DOSNT MATER
I would think you are a ho.
i feel that i'll be the better option pathania_savvy2000@yahoo.com
If you are in a serious relationship now then don't do it.
so i beleive that u can love someone with out hurt.
It seems like he's playing with you.
No ring on your finger right?
And also i like woman who gives me challanges, a woman who is indepedent
its when you dream about him and can't picture your life without them.
What should I do, at my wits end
ask him when the next day of school you have off is...lol.
maybe u are going after the wrong guys and not acceppting the ones that come after you
Don't pull your wifebeater up and rub your fat belly.
Best of luck with the guy... And sure he likes u... damn i'm jealous... ;-).
I know one guy and thats me.
search in differnt palces  clubs, parties,........
lol  girl, there are TONS of guys who dig big girls.
it takes a lot of nerve, depending on your age, to ask someone to dance, so be nice!
Just put it all out on the table...what do you have to lose...Gotta take a chance sometime.
But it matters not what I believe what it is to be.
then your gonna wanna leave your family and run off 2 cancun with this guy.
And I know it's easier said than done.
never do it.....for either of you!
being overseas is a great opprotunity don't blow it
good luck, sounds like a match.
And guess what, I'm a girl.
But I can't see myself rubbing chest with someone whose got tits as big as mines.
2. go to a place where you can find dudes (dudes are everywhere, go anywhere, that's easy!!)
some gals can really make you crazy.
and you are just now thinking of marraige.
Once you find it just keep pluggin' away at it--and before you know it YOU'RE COMING!!!
no sorry you have no chance only if he wants sex then he will go with you
Whoa whoa whoa......That is such a generalization.
depends on how old they are.
I found her in the newspaper!
CHALK IT UP TO LEARNING,MOVE ON.
Yes, some guys like tomboys, some don't.
If the one is an animal, then its no!
i hope that i help u!
virginity until marriage won't guarantee happiness through marriage.
Don't play hard to get just yet.
Quite sour, acidic & tastes yucks!
you seriously need to check your grammar.
He's just wrong for doing whatever he's been doing and not buy food, he is just WRONG!
Yes, it's even harder when u can't find them but they're right there.
My mom is jelaus of my wife.
u mean come?my girlfriend sez it tastes like eggs, mixed with salt and vanilla.
1) by their shoe size 2) on the index finger the distance between the first and second nuckles.
Hope you'll give this some serious thought before you go there!
I have to lie to see my (boy)friend.
God's got someone out there for you!
And if he says no, it's no big deal -- it's just coffee, so it's not embarrising.
Its like torture knowing she'll never be with me
im just cool to hang with
well, i think that the age where you shouldnt have a child is like 40+.
And obviously big boobs n a nice a$$.
Go for the goal; don't quit at the halfway point!
or they dont mind because they also get what they want.
totally wrong, in my opinion even teens sex is wrong, and adults premarital sex is wrong
well first is it your friend or is it you?
Maybe your stupid for giving them what they only want.
or is is it that you don't know how to make one?
I Would have just bit the bullet and said HELL YEAH I'LL BE YOUR GIRLFRIEND!
But we always want whats not good for us.
I haven't - if you particularly mean YAHOO!
I sorry i didn't tell him what i truely felt for him.
Depends on how well your mom knows you.
I just didn't want him to get the wrong idea
he proble is cheating on you
it has lots of naked people in it.
If you don't, then don't bother.
get plastic wrap and rubber bands if you're so full of yourself.
i dont know but id like to know the answer to this ?
Say I care about you deeply.
Don't pretend to be somebody just to please us guys.
if they both really like each other then they could come to an agreement
seriously this question is only for guys,  i dont want girls to even read it.
Word of advice from experience NEVER DATE ANYONE FROM WORK!
Good Luck and keep reminding yourself, 'I deserve better than this jerk.!!'
Go for a special ride somewhere.
They fall in love with everyone they have sex with.
Beautiful women like Pam Anderson marry freaks like her ex-husband.
guy above me's got the right idea
All the ones at Hooters do.
DO THAT ONE NIGHT,AND LEAVE IT ALONE.
play more between rounds, she will like it also.
so better get a good grip on it and use it more often!
Hmmm.. Well if you love your boyfriend that much, your fling wouldn't be an issue.
i think we hit it of straight away.
I don't love him and want him back.
i was mad and i yelled at him.
mabe she dosent push you on things that she would normally be upset about because her mind is preoccupied.
but it does cause problems in most marriages.. get some professional help..soon
if he cares hell under stand
Humor your friend, get her drunk and you can pick which one u want or both.
I used yahoo personals to meet my husband!!!
hey, how come that u like someone that know you at all??
unless of course your married, then the only thing for me would be forgiveness.
I seriously like the name Chris though :-)
u don't have 2 change at all.
it's a kind of a test sometimes
why not a guys a guy no matter who he likes plus  you could talk to them about guys
the biggest mistake is rushing a woman for sex.
That doesn't mean he wants to be buddies.
does he llke me or am i just hot to him?
If you ask her to have sex and she agrees, then thats what you are looking for!
your best freind is who youare married to or shuld be
Why everybody say only bad about u????
3) Maybe they just dont like you.
{Hey at least she had the limo}  Lesson:  Don't try to take something you can't afford to loose.
k everyone calls me either a  blonde or brunette so i can't take sides.
where's the fun in not showing off your talent?
be nice to everybody always and maybe the love will return.
if mentally and phsically able to support there selves.
just forget that you are shy or not handsome.
you just answered your own question.
I don't think so not if he had an affair.
Stay until you know it's over and when you leave, don't go back!!!
you didn't ask for an explanation, did you?
everyone worked and education wasnt very important
if someone didnt respect u then u wouldnt fall in love with them.
If a girl doesn't like 2 dance then she can't dance obviously.
5 days.... and it was a peck on the cheek 1st and i was floored
P.S i think she really did give it back to me still.
Well did he/ she ask him out and he said yes... or what?
if someone didnt respect u then u wouldnt fall in love with them.
If a girl doesn't like 2 dance then she can't dance obviously.
5 days.... and it was a peck on the cheek 1st and i was floored
P.S i think she really did give it back to me still.
Well did he/ she ask him out and he said yes... or what?
U need to find the right man 4 u on ur the 1st time.
My wife says she doesn't like sex to be long.
remember, the truth will set you free
Nobody just stops loving somebody else, even if they say they don't anymore.
Just find the thirst in your guy and have a nice sleep with him.
talk normal with him, just because u like him doesnt mean you can't be friends first
but if you think they are youre prob right...
I believe that is so sick to happen
and likes that i like sports and has a soft side but a hard side to
If you set down and talk and they say No do you get angry?
well the biggest whore i know..she normaly wears jeans, a tee, and a hoodie if its cold out.
And then you go look for him, which is even playing more into his game.
you look like a guy...nope I'm not interested
Do you know any of his exes?
does it mean she likes you or just want to dance?
Is your wife actually having the big O during sex?
If you want her that bad, Sh*t go to the wedding and stop it midshow.
hum what is the question again?
because I've seen reports of 9 year olds becoming pregnant.
A really bad song by Haddaway...
First get to know him and see what he likes before wondering if likes you!
i think that if you really love the guy you dont care about the size at all
another thing, doing it over the phone or on line is being a coward.
is it because your friend has had no sex for a year?
First of all, do you want sex now??
let him make up his mind.
and if he didn't look like a prune and was healthy why not
just don't let people take advantage of you.
So, yeah, it's REALLY hard to deal with.
try - yahoo personals or americansingles
join school finish next level, find better carreers, take a vacation meet me i can use a loyal woman.
this is the best for a guy
If you're a woman: I don't know the answer.
u can just be like yea being single has its ups and its downs.
YOU ARE TOO GOOD FOR HIM!!
Start flirting, and be in control of every step u take ahead in this process...Best of luck!
yeah email me i like it jk
If you're a woman: I don't know the answer.
YOU ARE TOO GOOD FOR HIM!!
Start flirting, and be in control of every step u take ahead in this process...Best of luck!
yeah email me i like it jk
they don't choose to be gay or lesbian.
you can even send her pictures anonamously if you dont feel comfy telling her in person.
i think when he kinda flirts with me i really dont know
yes i would  if i was in to this person and like them alot i would oh!
Depends if they are good looking or not.
he just brushed me hair w/ his hand and pat my back gently.
stop eating twinkies or if you are good looking and have big breastisis then show em off
Obviously you loved her once and got married.
I went out with this guy who out of no where stopped calling me.
If, you cheat on him then you are truly not the one for him.
Now he kinda thinks you like him.
They always fall lor the wrong guy...
if you are asking, then you are probally too small.
Like to wear it during sex!
and if she doesnt do anything about just be there for her when she does find out.
I dont think that it was worth it in the long run
be your self and dont be shy
maybe u'll find better guy to love and he'll do the same without leaving u. haha!
Sure, why not... (that is if you're over 21)
I was friends with him at first b/c I felt bad for him.
i like a smart funny an pretty is always a plus
Go w/ what your gut says and you will be fine.
That was a a crazy joke we played yesterday huh?
bacause ther gay pr a lezbian
i would be better if u state ur age !!!!!!!!
Action speaks alot louder than words
Go window shopping of what you guys want for your future house.
me myself i would'nt do it, you've only knew him for 6 months.
seth green, kinda took me a while to notice it though.
becuase they want to have sex
Hmm, yea in both the good and bad way.
LOVE IS LIKE WHEN U CAN'T STOP THINKIN OF THAT PERSON.
depends whats the catch, sk8r dude wants to know
Guys hurting grrs, grrs hurting guys.
flirt and look for the cutest
fin dthe cool guy and   go around him ...bco'z now a dys pair looks charming than singles
yeah, unfortunately i have to admit this generality.
that is soo wrong, i dont pin her down, but still give ur man some sex!!
Are you sure you do not want one ?
it depends on what he likes
Snap your fingers at her when you tell her No way girl.
Tell her, and see what happens
Acts kinda shy but not really.
its not worth getting mad over.
I'm gonna say no, since you seem not to be looking.
They want you to look like a fool.
holla at me and talk to me about u please!
well i have been told alot of different way on how to tell.
I do not even care if she wears it - whatever makes her happy is fine with me.
but the answer to that is no.
MOST PRECIOUS GIFT YOU CAN GIVE TO YOUR HUSBAND..
not always, but you should exercise caution
some ppl do think that, but i don't..
even here in canada i reli dont think that they will allow young teenagers to buy a condom.
You'll look bad if he still has a girlfriend, though.
IF YOU HAVE TO BE EITHER WHY HAVE IT
In my opinion, the biggest penis, (also known as a 'DICK'), is most likely Osama Bin Ladin!
kiss her thats always a very good start
just be yourself around him, and only tell him you love him if he tells you first.
Because come on, once youve had one how can you not like it?
Move on you dont need him and he dont deserve you.
three days ago i fell and hurt my ankle.
Hey speedy, word of advice... Stop now.
do u think i should go.
since you have to ask probebly not yours or your mans!!!
i called him 10 times and he didn't return my call.
It is like riding a bike sweetie...you definitely wont' forget how.
(IE: Seeing #2 without #1 knowing.)
.. i then learned nothing is ever certain, so be careful
if you start fooling around with him and it just doesnt feel right stop.
just give her the tip and if things aren't going alright by that point find someone else
why do single men have sex with married women?
You won't have to worry about it anymore.
Maybe she loves you in her own way.
for starters just talk to him why does it seem so hard to talk?
u can say.... Hey , How you doin!
hey i guess we all have some wierdness in us !!!!!
I'm smart, fun to be around but nobody likes me
depends on eric and his situation
So I guess I dont notice.
if it is your current guy, stick with him and try to forget the other guy.
Once he even pined me to the bed and said if you love me you will do this.
fo real girls are gonna read this just cause it tells us not to!!!
NO, they don't like you at all.
and your di ck stands up and you cannot get it down.
Tell him that he can't afford you!
haveing sex while coked up thats the best
a girl whith a lot of curves and big boobs
If he only interested in sex then you can wait.
First off: trust what barbnefer has said (this person gives EXCELLENT advice).
that's simple give flowers and candy and just be yourself.
I'd only consider him if he quit.
First you'd have to define bad marriage.
Probably always a liar, but not always a cheater.
so one day i crapped in her shoe .
jacket is okay, but leave open.. dont zip it up.
Then if he feels the same way about you ask him if he would like to hang out sometime!
same with my girlfriend she only gives it when she wants too!!
if you don't use it in a LONG LONG LONG time you will forget it.
ur never gonna get a girl if ur gonna chicken out!!!
confront her in a controled way.
I would do it.GO FOR IT!!
I feel for you my love just had a baby on Thursday .
A woman doesn't want a whiny guy.
that is a great way to piss off a female quick.
Most i've done is dance w/ one @ a straight club.
yes to all but being bi...no
Alot of them don't like but loving.
whether he is my friend or foe.
Tell her you love her & you can't live without her.
Get off your computer and GET OUT THERE.
cross dresser a guy who dresse up like a girl.
Lots of luv and luck ahead.
wonderful, your love will be so romantic
Tell them about the other ones...that'll do it pretty fast!
On Da Internet...cuz I gots The Internet Going Nutz!!!!!
If love is not blind, this won't happen.
and yes the guy makes the first move.
Yes , especially nowadays with stds as bad as they are.
When you guys aren't sexin' what's his conversation like?
If you have a really good guy friend then ask him.
She just happened to make the mistake of calling one day when she was home...BUSTED!!!
think about the way he said it to you and then youll know how he meant it.
Not to be blunt, but I hope you didn't give it up .
all i can say is that i moved 1000 miles away.
if you have to ask then your probably not in love!
IF SHE HASN'T PULLED AWAY FROM YOU BY THIS POINT, CHANCES ARE SHE'S ATTRACTED TO YOU.
!IF YOU WANT THAT MOMENT TO BE SPECIAL, STOP PLANNING IT & LET IT HAPPEN(IT WILL)
tell what you like girls to do when making out, what she should do with her hands, etc.
Then all hell would break loose, and he kick butt.
just find anything to ask him.
no it just means you are starting out good
You know, the guy always doesn't have to make the first move.
A lot of girls seem to resist touching guys.
i think that you are weird
Hell its not what she wears.
Show them that you are interested in marrage and then it will happend :)
i wouldn't want to have it until i'm married
ladies feel free to leave a list
dont throw your life and yourself away because you want to be in love with some spoiled insecure women.
HOLD ON, WAIT A MINUTE, how can u fall in luv with someone on the internet.
YES I'M MARRIED TO ONE CAN WE RELOCATE TOGETHER?
1) get a divorce 2) think about the kid.
IT SOUNDS LIKE U JUST LIKE THE S&M STUFF
As long as you're not the only guy in the place, it means she probably likes you :)
Unless you guys are friends, then its okay to initiate it.
Lemme see......you did say EX_BOYFRIEND did you not?
LOL what are you waiting for?
Actually, I still ache for her...(And yes, I'm a female..haha)
well - several years ago, i shaved my head.
What if it were her talking to guys?
best way is give a taste of her own medicine talking is so overated now revenge is best!
no longer has value, everything could be the same for all u care.. .
no once you look outside the box, it is too hard to find your way back!
he will flirt, like poke you or something, or smile at you.
Yes I like to toot my own horn, I love me.
GET EXTRA SMALL LATEX GLOVES POWER FREE.
no longer has value, everything could be the same for all u care.. .
no once you look outside the box, it is too hard to find your way back!
he will flirt, like poke you or something, or smile at you.
Yes I like to toot my own horn, I love me.
GET EXTRA SMALL LATEX GLOVES POWER FREE.
what i did when i got married.
his eye contact, his way of talking etc.
damn u fine girl...or guy....or whatever...lol
Opinion:  tight fitting jeans green no jackets
well is it wrong to cheat in genral.
If you ask her to let you kiss her, she'll say no.
When I first read your question, I thought, RIGHT ON!
no not at all and sex does not last over time BUT LOVE will
My brothers b-day is coming up and i have no idea what to get him.
then you could have sex with any and everyone and it wouldnt matter.
I like Blonde guys...but right now I'm with an orange haired guy
or u can just straight up cum of the cut and say im single whats your status?
some guys might lie to get u in bed and once they do they just forget.
But always say it with a smile.
If you want a sure thing though, find a Jewish guy.
someone with very sexy clothing and is in heat
Just be yourself and keep your grades up and in 10 years see who's cool then!!
some girls will do anything for the guy!
don't keep it for to long - we are getting older
definately when it feels right not becuase you feel you should
you get to know people the best in casual settings.
then u discuss the matter later
definately when it feels right not becuase you feel you should
you get to know people the best in casual settings.
then u discuss the matter later
why sit there and wait for him to see you move on.
Go join a Bball team or something.
but u jus have to wait patiently, when the time comes u will have the right one.
What I do is get evrything as straight as I can.
Be able to put up with ME!!!
That depends...what kind of a girl is she?
u should go out with a guy u like and that likes u back.
if he is THE ONE, he'd quit for me.
hey dude... For every ten no's you will get one yes
On his neck wouldn't be any different.
Its been happily aver after since!
have a romantic dinner, if he still resists then you have a problem.
never be the first to say it..let the guy do it.
play it easy, and maybe wait a little
Or they might hate the guy and want to screw his life up.
use tounge, but PLEASE don't slober all over her chin!
She means if you want a kiss, just kiss her without letting her know you're going to.
don;t you want to find a nice girl no matter what she is?
at first it was getting to know each other and then kissing comes later.
DO IT  I WISH THE WOMEN IN MY LIFE WOULD HAVE HOOKED ME UP WITH THAT SH!T
write single in big bold letters on your forehead...worked for me
OMG!..she didn't mind our 9-year-friendship..what will i do??
Hope this helps and isn't too harsh.
how calm you dont believe him?
ALSO I GUESS IT WOULD DEPENT ON YOUR HEALTH.GOOD LUCK
well it depends on a lot of things.
but i dont know how to ask him if he wants to give it a second chance.
Love don't Cost a thing  Go out watch it and then get some ideas from there.
i only know the mean way to say it, but say thanks, haha n smile.
But, first thing's first, pack up your stuff and LEAVE!
I didn't until you mentioned it!
The younger they are, the more bad boys they want.
It's like she only talks to me when things are going wronge with her.
if your an adult,age simply should'nt matter
add more details what u want to use?
it worked on my own friend
Somewhere out there is a guy asking How do I find a wife.
Day 1 is ok with me.
Then you guys can afford more things
But if I was him I would not marry ya ether without one.
WHEN YALL START TALKIN LAUGH ALOT!
i mean i love the one in jail.
and it goes as far as my dad did but it took him 15 years to do.
i would have had enough of him tell me or else!
In Yuma...... Good luck with that one.
he's either goin to love you bcuz he loves you or he's not going to love you at all.
SO its nothing wrong with being friends right after.
Well there should be huh :-) (I AM A GUY TOO) I am pretty sure there would be.
I not tring to be mean.
It comes down to too things are you marring him for Love or Money?!?!?
dont do it .it will only cause problems promise.
if he really loves u then he wont worry abt sex.
(you're supposed to be laughing here friends.
Diamonds are a girl's best friend : )
try being his friend first and see what it leads up to
im no expert, but i dont think manual trannys have ecus.
If you want my oppinion, yes.
(im a father of 3 little girls and suddenly find myself hating guys)
Just say, hey, what's going on?
you dont want to do that!
(A lot of the best ones don't post pictures).
sweetie there isn't one there seriously you are so dumb
got drunk and had sex with his daughters.
Maybe if ur in the same school.
say u love him now and if and when u do u wont b lieing n e more.
Then, go back to the store without him and pick up the one thing he liked the best.
the most expensive thing was the preacher...
whatever the fight was about, it's best 2 completely solve, so as not 2 start another fight later on.
Probably because you are pissing him off.
And if they don't approach you, say hi
next time try something like: girls wanna chat??
Stuff like that can get someone hurt.
So if they aren't in tune with you and don't care enough to try then give it up.
u cant get cool friends u have them !
No...not unless you want to walk around confused.
You simply say Hey, what's up?
!but think before u cum to any conclusion..is it really worth it?
So go on with your life and if he comes back, then you know what you want.
My wife gave me oral sex two days after!
Most guys are bluntly obvious about girls so hang in there
i tryed over and over to get her to leave ,she wouldn't.
click the link below... its not something u can eat i think..
no--i try to not have any kind of relationship with them
this is mainly for the older folks or the ones who knows there gonna get married.
Don't EVER sh1t where you eat man...
THIS WILL SHOW HER THAT YOU'RE NOT IN A RUSH.
Those chocolate with mint kisses are pretty good.
It will always be somewhere in yr heart ...
Don't let people fool you honey!
lift your head up and carry on like the woman you are!
and if u must drull, dont let him see u do it.good luck!
ask a plastic surgeon to make one for you.
NO DOUBT ABOUT THAT, thats f*ckin abvious
:)   Now its been 5 years later and we're married!
But that doesn't mean they don't exist.
Even if he feels embarassed to talk with you about that issue, hey!
it was getting late so i fell asleep on his living room.
Get back together, then dump her.
don't do it just think about it
Even better wait til ur married!
can u stand if she is not good looking?
your friends are just trying to show you their side, it seems like they already know yours.
Well i would tell you , but that can land me in prison
u just have 2 trust in him if u really like him.
Or does he only call when he wants the booty??
YOU CAN'T REALLY TELL MOST OF THE TIME
oh yeah..if you don't get it out and get it moving it will become moldy and taste really bad
Or are you like 15 years old
It's tough, but hang in there.
THESE DAYS MEN ONLY LOOKS AT TOP AND BOTTOMS OF A WOMEN
can u do it with me.
its tough for guys that are unexperienced with girls to make eye contact.
Let's Get It On - Marvin Gaye I'm Gonna Love You - Barry White (forget everything after that)
A girl should luv U 4 who U R if she don't move on she an't worth it.
THEN FINALY WHEN I TURNED 13 I FOUND THE PERFECT SOLUTION TO MY PROBLEM.
been there done that from both sides.
if you think they do, then you are wrong.
we,both staying in a working women hostel room.
if ya gotta ask that in here you have serious problems of one sort or another....go see a shrink
So your mind is gonna play with you, ya know.
i don't know what to do, what u think
But I couldn't go with her.
tell him what is going on...all the mundane, boring details!
Wet it and if it curls add some gel and your off
yes some but some might not.
first love is , your first love .
if youre happy with them, make sure they dont find out.
that depends on how old you are  ... but i say where and when you least expect it
i would have to say yes and i know am not the onlyone that thinks that way.
I go for a guys personality.
when hes actin diff or always buggin u
Dog style with high heels on the girl
That way if the condom breaks, then it wouldn't be as bad.
why would you even do that??
My advice, is don't start anything your gonna regret later.
but hey, its not my life.
i will have in which ever position.
one minute u could be happy the next depressed and wanting to kill urself.
not really all people can change no matter what you've done
honestly girls are b itches we just use pms as an excuse!!
gal w/ lower grader than the guy is always possible...it's normal
first, marry whoever the hell you're going to marry.
YOU SEE LIKE A SENSIBLE GUY, SO DONT DO IT.
WHEN HES AROUND,TELL YOUR GIRLFRIEND OR SOMEONE YOU KNOW AROUND YOU, THAT YOU ARE SINGLE AND LOOKING.
i was on there today and they pinned down my personality and the things i like in men.
FOR YEARS I LOOK AT EVERY STORE AND TRIED LOOKING UP ALL SORTS OF WEB SITES.
Keep your head up and eyes open.
but most popular girs have such a messed up life outside of school.
im still trying to figure that out but i guess you just keep talkin and see where it goes.
actually most women i know are less patient that me or my friends
*shaking my head*   No way jose.
don't let your emotions down, embrace it.
ha thats a really good question.
they say that to not hurt ur feelings
!maybe you dont eel the same way he feels for you ask yourself
IF YOU HAVE AN UNDERSTANDING BOYFRIEND TELL HIM AND ASK WHAT SHOULD YOU DO.
Most of them make it obvious so if it looks like he likes you, he probably does..
Tell her to break-up with him!
usualy, unexperienced girls likes to play although they know exactly what they want.
If he don't feel the same his loss...
It isn't like I don't know.
But THAT is something she's got to do.
), be honest with her...gentle maybe, but honest.
U realy dont know How You Are.
yes those : just make you look so much older!
Breakups is the hardest but u will eventually get over it.
just another poser masochist begging for attention on the net guys, ignore him
think that there are still many guys out there willing to have a realtionship.
since then he didn't even call me to find out how iam doing.
Easy to get in & out.
that is not love...good luck :)
rule number one, never date at work.
yes a little  but not by every gil that walks by  well maybe every girl
I met a grrr on the net, shes mean to me and I like it!
It's not good sex if she doesn't orgasm.
well see if he looks at u alot and  wants to talk to u alot...
Some people keep going after it's clear that it just won't work anymore.
a long distance relationship is one of two ppl who live far away, even if u see him, yes.
it mayb hard b/c u have 2 think...  does he really love u??
Tell him to kiss and rub AROUND your stuff, but not directly on it after your first Big O.
If not tell him you are pregnant,  See what he says.
oneday he came out and ask me did i like him i didn't say anything i just smile.
that would solve the whole problem.
Remember, there are plenty of fish in the sea =)
if u like my answer vote it best.
you are your own online friend .
You better back off my man!
it wasnt untill i found the one that i didnt need to fill any hole's that i got married.
but theres never a dull moment thats for sure !
should i just stay single forever?
Because they choose to b & b-cuz they don't like P****
Steak & potatoes Chicken & rice Pizza Spaghetti Beef stew
HELL YEEEAAAAAHHHH....... but its the best wen your doing it wit a fine female...... OH YES
As 4 showing his u love him, just show him that ur there 4 him and care.
Oh, yeah... don't stare at him.
when you feel ready to have kids, you should do it...
even if he wasn't the one, a guy that considers quitting FOR ME would be incredibly sweet.
for the other with out expecting  too being pay off later.
in brief let him hate u and send me back if it succeeded
Sorry sweetheart but not all guys cheat.
ITS TRUE HE LIKES YOU IF HE THINKS YOUR HOT.IF HES NOT A GOOD GUY YOU WILL KNOW.
It'd not be my first choice of places for him to be hanging out though, thats for sure!
I guess your still not over here.
I would not be upset, seen one set seen 'em all, right?
i will go for the twist.
well i do that to my bf but i just do that b/c i am very sarcasic
just be yourself and after a while hell see that your true to him
If a guy likes you, he will let you know!
sometimes dat can be 4 da  best
it doesnt matter how they are packaged....  We are just SEXIER.....*kisses*
no its completely normal, im a guy so i should know
and the person confronted me on wednesday.
If you are single...keep it that way.
I don't even hate gay people.
ehh, all I need is a little hole with some heat in there.. ya know what I mean?
PLAY WITH UR HAIR AND SMILE (BUT NOT FAKE SMILE)!!
yes there is more then 1 right person for everyoe
look deep into his eyes he ll understand!
We want everything, good personality, good brain, good look, everything!!!!
i'm set for disappointment, i know ;)  so there you have your answer
I like that name Chris, so marry him!
take a guy's shoe size, add two, then divide by two.
Laugh at the things she teases you about.
they have to also be your best friend
well she told the other person.
hmmmmmmm.its not really my style, but thats just my opinion.its pretty good though.
do you think i have chance with a 9th grader i am in the 7th grade
How about you meet one and see if you two fall in love, then maybe think about marriage!
It's like nature power motivating ur romance for specific person, sometimes i called Blind Love
Hi, it's not what anyone else says.
OK IF YOU LIKE HIM TRY IT OUT.
!I would dump him down the drain!!!
I have questioned him about cheating (which I know he has!)
Or you could just totally break it off.
You look for guys that only want you for sex.
Tell her that your always there for her no matter what.
i would like think things could change but i don't think i could forget.
I feel even worse for Jennifer now that they've announced they're pregnant!
Probably the shock that scraping the bottom of the barrel didn't even work for them!!
From a guys point of view!
unlike in telling stuff to friends or family members, there's tension if they don't like what they hear.
If she wasn't good enough for you in the first place why would she come crawling back?
false because life isn't fair at least that's whats everybody says
if you're 13...dont worry about love now...you get to grow up and find someone
What I will tell you is this REAL men are fantastic and are nothing like that.
all i can say is relax and enjoy your wife,,, and let her enjoy you
I feel so depressed and I can't get my mind off of him.
i'm doing it but i'm looking for someone who doesn't...
so then from that there like she'll do anything i want, since she likes me so much.
or u can tell of the friends of the guy or girl
His face will not glow ing thw dark.
At least I'd like ot think so!
well if he bein bad to you DONT!
he has feelings too, don't play with him.
Either tell him you want him or u don't.
so maybe you should just figure out what makes you happy.
i would say pursue it and see where it goes.
Well if he allways stares at you alot there's a start.
You can get her in dream...!
I don't know if he likes me or if he jus wants sex ..
well if he's way older forget it.... but jus be out w/ it.
1. wear sexy outfit(its better to wear nothing at all!!)
And don't decide what average is by looking at porn...
Hey look at all the Greek statues!
Did he say yes or no.
hold her neck with soft hands and kiss her on the back of her ear
They want make out with you maybe even S**  and then leave you there for another girl!
(tho not all)  Bugs me to the core.
It all depends on how much you like this guy and how much you know him.
Make sure somebody filmes it because it's gonna be hell of funny to watch on tape.
Girls get a lot of attention they don't want.
The issues that come along might be bigger then your booty ;-)
She either feel in love with her ex again or you were an extreme jerk.
Just wait until she is in love with you maybe until you are married to have sex!!!
well just have someone else  buy them for you
an honest answer to that is, no.
get him to get a condom?
if you just let if all flow.
Do you see what I'm saying at all?
i'm single but i have a guy friend that i can kiss.
your heart is going to break one way or the other.
ya the only way he is going to know is tell him.
No dumb chicks either, stupid girls are passe.
why would you ever do that?
that you're not getting from your boyfriend.
Not completely drunk but a lil tipsy.
I have no idea what the hell you just said!
you cant give up you gotta try different things but most likely be yourself!
you'll know it when you find it.
Oh but that's a good one.
leave it alone there is nothing worst then two female fighting over some guy.
do the things you always wanted to but couldnt because you were married
A man who likes to dress in womens clothing
yes he really does sounds like  good one you have there
that the romance is chemical... or biological... its natural...
yes we notice when a guy check us out!
Well you could start it by saying WHAT DO YOU THINK OF OUR RELATIONSHIP SO FAR?
i even tried calling him and he doesn't answer my calls.
because if you have a positive attitude then that light in you shows
you could have whip cream or something that she/he likes
Yes and I love her and my children
Ask your doc if it's a problem..
Alot of girls want someone that they can just hang out with and who will be there with.
So, if a girl over looks you for your social status than she is not worth it... Really...
Some men want a good girl, while others try to stay away from women with morals!
sure its ok to have oral sex....and i'm sure he'll enjoy it!
so, yes do help her she'll love you more for it.
you get him to know you then you really ahve a chance.
he wants a threesome with another dude.
My problem is...after the break up.
his other friends showed up later that night.
Have fun making one anyways-  Good Luck!!!
when she gives you head after you DEMAND it
I would give him a good talking to!
watch a dirty movie and get raunchy.
The guy needs to pull back, really.
why would any married man want to go see any other woman naked besides his wife?
Grl, just do what you got to do!
Because, I feel something pulling me over here.
YOU WILL HAVE HER SHAKING BELOW!!!!
the sooner its over the sooner everyone can learn to live with it and move on!
for some its just a matter of will power to get out and let things happen!
Bump'n'grind, knocking da boots, bubble pop electric
Guys just don't know how lucky they are.
I used to play this shit with a girl I knew from a couple years back.
If he wants to spend time with you he probably likes you
yeah , but not wgen some one is pushed aside
TO ANY WOMAN NO MATTER HOW BEAUTIFULL SHE MAY BE.
you should ask her straight up.
I GUESS IT DEPENDS ON ALOT OF THINGS, THE OLDER THE MORE COMPLICATIONS.
Is is ok for your hubby to watch sports without nagging?
Do you love him and does he love you back?
but dont forget the highly sensitive area between a nus and the balls.
be yourself, unless yourself is a loser.
If you can't spell it, you shouldn't be tasting it...
yes it's ok to still love your ex.
i dont know who that is
have one long flirting conversation while doing something he likes.
Definately the kid, no question, at all!
pic-nic at the park, free festivals (look in your city's website -there is always free stuff going on.
Does he avoid something he dislikes or isn't good at?
You don't wanna just kiss anybody.
and where is she right now in here life.
if he loves you he will wait for you.
Did you have sex with him?
And I've had a crush on him since 6th grade .. and now we in tha 10 ...
First of all, cut her off.
Now it varies, but I never go back to really fit.
If you know him real well then go for it, girl!
I think he has bigger issues (excuse the pun) then your booty.
MOST WOMEN WON'T MAKE THE FIRST MOVE, BUT THAT DOESN'T MEAN SHE DOESN'T WANT YOU TO.
and if u end up never falling n love with him break up.
ive been the cheater and the person cheated on .
Love is blind but it sure seems to find its way around!
i think it is a bigger deal for us than for guys anyway!
it's really normal to think of him and love him because u just do.
I need some help .. don't get me wrong thou .. he look GOOD !!!
You are her freind, you need to tell her.
My sis is getting married to someone she met online
tell him u love him with all ur heart
but if you really love him it will work itself out =)
SO GOOD LUCK IN THE REAL WORLD!
So to easy his mind I brought this and it works...
be very careful because you dont know who youre talking to most of the time.
personal loans could be a good idea.... otherwise...well..borrow!
AND tell her how beautiful she is.
In my opinion... lucky girl you've found your Mr.
donot do it honey you kill your sprit by ding that .just try to forget him .
you are home-wreaker and you should be nervous.
because you've been looking at porn.
LOVE CAN MAKE U OR BREAK U.
And don't change, because a guy might not like you!
Do I tell my Ex about this?
i already went out with him but i really want to get back together.
This is kinda a given babe.
OMG that man is just WAY to sexy.
you love the person because of who he is and not who you want him to be.
If not you guys could always be friends
Then give him a nice compliment.
but you may have to get over it.
in english do u having Sex with your friends?
If you mean close female friends that your wife knows because you introduced her (right?)
we still aren't friends like before but we speak to ea other.
LOL (i know you asked about how to learn to kiss)
One of my friends is even gay.
I am still looking for the One, but he would be a man that likes me as I am.
Then I tapped the girl infront of me and asked her Hey, do you have a pencil by chance?
If he asks you what's wrong?
So i accussed her of doing that.
Get it out there b 4 u lose a friend
i didnt know how to react so i didnt say anything.
If he isn't ready for a relationship w/ u I think you should give him some room.
you should go out with this guy just once, and see if you really don't like him.
If you notice hes flirting past normal for him then you guys should talk.
Show her that you are a good man, and will make a good husband and father!!!
Hope you enjoy :) lol jk
i think u should move on.
I want to join, but want to see what you guys think first.
And Im sure he didnt propose to your booty, right?
Hoobastank -- song To Be With You.
this is america we speak english!!!
cause it depends if they allow some young teenagers to buy condoms.
no, you need more than just sex,  sex is too overrated!
All guys want a girl that makes their friends jealous.
try to judge the guy's intentions.
I myself am a big girl.
She told you it is okay to kiss her
Be loving,careing...and most IMPORTANTLY: BE YOURSELF( NATURAL )
best love is that which helps and makes u against worst
you don't want some girl with your man.
because the stranger does not know u well and can not judge u because of that.
just go up and ask him out
A hickey is put there to show up!
I know that it is not easy  but if you dont start now, when?
I don't understand girlz..why they cheat with true lover...?
They always do, but sometimes pretend they don't.
i mean just bcuz we break up dont mean we have 2 stop bieng cool.
DONT FORGET TO CHOOSE AND VOTE FOR BEST ANSWER!!!
all is fair in love and war.
She want's u to earn it.
May i suggest TWISTER  It works great!
WHY IS IT THAT THESE WOMEN HAVE SUCH AN EFFECT ON ME AS WELL AS MOST MEN
to have love for your ex
If I didn't like them I wouldn't be with them.
i LOVE nice guys, they have a sensitive side.
Just pick the public that likes it, don't invite the ones that don't.
blondes are freaks everybody knows that
well...it depends...does the one u like really likes u in return?
Well you can't really do that unless he wants to love you.
some women like the shy type.
if u tell him u dont love him it will hurt his feelings very bad.
cuz she wants to go to the dance with you or maybe cuz she likes you.
ask if he is and if he says no get an attitude.
without loving yourself there is no way that you can truely love anyone or anything.
As far as the other thing, i dont know the guy.
Go see it when you get a chance.
either way, trust me on this one, u will know when u are ready.
OH YEAH JUST LIKE THE CAT WOMAN TAMING HER BEAST
Yes, and but bigger is not always better.
I gotta take you out suga.
HE ANSWERD ME (U 'LL BE THE LOSER!!!!)
propose because you want to spend the rest of your life with her.
for the fun, we are so easy to get
yes deep down inside there really looking for a relationship but wont admit it.
!....then wid who else cud u enjoy sex better?
Yes, I like to be with sombody I like.
SHE IS CONSTANTLY ON UR MIND.
If not maybe you shouldn't get married.
Why am I even caring about celebrity love lives?
for now, just have fun kissing and holding hands.
drinking can bring he freak out in some one.
what u should care about is the money
I mean honestly... 'leve' you've got to be kidding
and we're in the same boat!!
if your 18, try someone younger.
a simple explination is its just the way they are
Oh.. and they want everything THEIR way.
theres no way i'd let it happen.
Just look up my profile on yahoo.
And that's just off the top of my head.
This girl that i like, Whenever i talk to her i feel like i say the wrong thing everytime.
AVERAGE I SIX, WHAT IF THE GUY WITH THIS KNOW'S HOW TO USE IT, IS THAT OK?
it was her favorite pair .
im sure every1 will say b honest.
Guys and girls can answer but plz state ur sex in the answer!^_^
Is it ok for your hubby to have female friends?
biopolar is when ur moods switch around a lot.
!...my messenger id is brmejiac, include me and ....
But more of my male friends say it's latex that does for them.
does look matter THAT much to u?
my mom was 35 when she had me, if you don't feel like it don't do it.
For the sake of embarrassment, DON'T ASK HIM!!
because you cant sleep with her without her permission other wise it's rape.
Like others say education comes first!
either he met friends he is just chatting with or he is up to no good.
WE just always think it is.
Not to mention it could add hype to your sex life!!!!
Okay, especially after you get married.
and let me guess, your the right guy???
He's single and you're single so why not?
if not, try getting to know him a little better, ask him about his love life...just hang out.
Enjoy :)   Source(s):  many many years of watching porn and playing with toys with my husband (happily!)
if u need help than talk me lat.
tell her you want to be her everything.
it really depends...just think when they are going into college...how old do you want to be when that happens?
im proof that opposites attract !
Oh some of them are really cool.
Hmm, no hard feelings after 3 years?
I choose to spend my time hangin' with the guys.
I have cheated on my husband.
do it in the butt :)
and that he is the one that you whan to be with.
but i think it is as long as nobody gets hurt
Wait a minute men do it too!
omg omg  u r beautiful i love you WILL YOU MARRY ME?
not trying to hook up with this girl.
Poop has never flew outta their asses I guess.
keep wishin because it is going to ruin your relationship.
I know what im talking about.
DON'T ASK A WOMAN FOR SEX!!!!!
it is hard for many guys...like guys that can't grow up, if that is the case find someone new.
there are some things that people will always see in a diffrent way, like politics, religion ect.
If you already went out with him and there's no chemistry, then you're wasting his time and yours.
Institute -- Entire First Album Bush -- All Bush albums!
Don't go spreading your dirty germs everywhere, you are not solving the problem, just enhancing it.
well juss get in a chat room or talk to me    love_my_saddle@yahoo.com
JUST TELL HER HOW U FELL ABOUT HER
I believe in fallin in luv quick but with someone that u know.
she will want a lot of sex...
so we should try to have the virginity in our mind .
i love kids to death im even willing to date someone who has kids it doesnt boter me.
Then respond with oh, I'm just real busy right now and quickly walk away.
Other times if it's not that serious, just agree with her.
try 1 on a weekend then the other then you can decide
do you have any aniverseries or birthdays coming up?
Maybe the boys are intimidated by your brains.....guys are like that.
U HAVE BEEN TOGETHER FOR TO LONG.
Obviously he is cheating on you!
U shud have sex only with the person whom u marry.
ask her out and confess your love to her
Then when no ones looking he'll ask u out.
no, because that is too cleshea'(or however you spell that).
I guess you are young  and can deal with this .
I think its because they generally don't like you.. but hey he was an idiot move on!
it has many reasons that reasons cannot reason 
Just think I can do this, I got this
i have felt telepathy many times.
Women are easier to deal with then most men realize.
After all, boys come & go.
HOW ABOUT YOU DO THINGS THAT U KNOW I DONT WANT YOU TO DO.
some say that they way a guy treats his mom is the way he will treat his woman.
have tats love wines all music and good fun.
if your now-man is flirting w/ someone, id believe the ex.
how can they trust again, or even block the what if thoughts out.
dont let yourself worry about it or things may not go well.
Just be yourself  Don't rush or you'll crush
Until he works that out stay far away from him!!
!..plus it would help US to kno ur age
do unto others what u want others do unto u. do u want cheating?
Kick his a-- all the way to divorce court.
i think that you type too much.
tell her how you feel about her and never give up
Good luck and keep the romance going!
But if sleeping with one guy makes me a whore or something, then whatever.
no sweetie the chaeting guys are immature a real man knows what he wants and will not cheat.
Hi , its not soo a hard nut to crack ur baffling problem dudete...
You have to let her know that you love her and you wouldnt do that to her ok!
Dude, if you are going to date a girl that asks loaded questions, you gotta know how to deal.
Ask to your so-called best friend,Do u really care about me?
Go to a strip club and/or get a hooker.
if that guy is me i love you
i personally think guys dont like girls to be as smart or smarter than them.
Even if you knew a guy from birth, you were still strangers at SOME point!
If she smiles, you gotta winner.
or, u kan talk 2 her friends first.
or Did u like the movie.
When you tell her sorry, also send her flowers with your love...
what are you pickle or banana we should definitely chat
A dream girl is someone who is sexy enough to look acceptable to anyone !
Physical,, I perfer skinny women with smaller chests!
i mean im a girl but thats wat makes a girl feel better unless shes stuck up
as long as you both are willing to work at it.
be confident and act like you have done this a million times before
it sucks but it wont change.
If she's not, then just ask her to leave you guys alone.
i believe so.good luck on that girl!
Both - I leave it to the lady to decide.
Ok... see he has a girl friend and he says that he is straight.
I do not have  boyfreind and nethier do a lot of my freinds.
In short, my answer is ...
if UR still alone by V-day... hang out with friends!!!
i'm shy around him, but he flirts with me a lot.
yes   but in a special church
how are u meant for someone u dont like?
mmmmmmmmmmm (i'm getting moist just thinking about it!!!!)
realize that you dont need a man to be happy.
ur in luck cuz i jus happen 2 b a GURL!!!
If you get the rigth question, let me know!
school or have a  friend hook u up with someone or something!
A nice card would be good
naw but he have 1 for me
um... don't take the pic if she doesn't want you to.
which is what you should do!
Maybe it's just you they don't want to have sex with.
For example, if you are facing a firing squad ........... Fire!
Help me get it right for once!
Then ask her :)     Best wishes!
maybe your ex is jealous but if you two are on good terms he might not be lying.
Well ask him or just keep wondering
see the red flags for what they are.....caution..do not eneter...DANGER!
How do you know a guy is a player?
Go to superpages.com they have a free reverse look up!
because its so sexys to see gurls make out and its just good very good
But I love gentlemen so I would ask hey can I sit here?
Don't ge me wrong, I love my wife to deat and would do absoluely anything for her.
would u put it out for all to see or keep it personal!
its rather to be friends with him then to lose him at all.
why not ask mary or marques?
he had a 4 month affair w/her and slept w/her then would come home to me.
KEEP IN MIND NO ONE KNOWS THAT I AM GAY.
(Just don't judge the good ones, by the bad ones stupidity!)
CHECK YOUR SPELLING, AND MAYBE I WILL BE ABLE TO UNDERSTAND THE QUESTION BETTER
While she was reading the gift certificate and talking about how wonderful it was, BAM!
you might've even caused your break up with your ex by telling his friend t.m.i.
being random is what makes life fun
if you are not looking good he will not be attracted to you.
Try it again it's gonna get better.
just be honest with her girls like honesty.
the same reason girls like boys :)
Do what I did one time.
I've met girls with the same problems though!
When I tell people that they look at me like yea right, like exes can not be friends.
But ask yourself the big question...do you really want it to be different or just more involved & thoughtful?
Dress up and get a hair cut.
Just be like, hey - I like you.
I know I have been there and a lot of my friends--guys and girls!
u get over him or try to make him jealos
Smile, and say hi.... and just start talking...... generally
You just have to wait for the girl who gets all excited.
MY FIRST TIME IT WAS LIKE,FINALLY I'M THERE MMM FEELS BETTER THAN I THOUGHT,OH MY,IT FEELS SO GOOD.
I HAVE GONE THROUGH THIS MANY TIMES IT VERY HHARDDD.
i would you doubt that there is any hope for you?
Not all men are like that.
i find it cute and so grown man.
My honey is going to be low on moola so if I get some flowers then I'll be happy.
it means he doesn't care about you but he wants to have sexual relations with you.
just say it and then give her a sweet LITTLE kiss!
r u playin with urself..or ruinin ur life... u r goin to let other person use you .
as a fello girl, i say go for it and BREAK THAT SiCK MAN'SZ HEART!
my friends would all come over and say how cute they were.
The two men, will probably fight.
Send her sexy and romantic txt msgs.
there are plenty of aids predetors waiting to share there  missouri with people like u and i.
i aint listenin to a guy trying to pick me up!
E. that you are now sick?
.. and be upfront with it.
And that's alot harder on the guy.
either masterbates, or watch people have sex,
and inside were all the same
cleaned house...then he could take me out for lunch..lol
im going to have to say no on this one.
3. invite he out on the weekend.
No way, if he does it once, he'll do it again.
: ur mother or father start acting differently.
it caused me such pain and sorrow for i was that uptown boy long ago...
You walk really slow when your with them.....  10.
So all i can say is follow your heart!!
and he used it against the both of you to get what he wants!!
HELL I TOLD YOU TO GO TO SCHOOL AND DO WHAT YOUWANT TO DO.
Ever guy is different and has diffent wants and needs.
Not me, but maybe one of my girls.
Tell her, but don't expect it to do much good at first.
EITHER JUST MAKE SURE YOUR GROOMED WELL
don't worry u will find mr right.
walk behind the 1st couple or sit in the back seat with ur date.
and if you could make someone love you, it would be artificial, and who would want that?
It was all blonde slutty looking girls who's hobbies are like  drinking with hot guys, partying  blah blah.
maybe the boyfriend dont have a problem maybe its a issue at work or family that has him upset.
i dont think shes/hes a worth while friend if you friendship is when its conveint.
so they they can get girls they think just becuase there string we'll sleep with them
no, because they r gay and cant have a baby of their own?
seems like more guys want to get married and start a family before the girls do now a days.
a trained counselor or a pedophile using the internet?
Depends on if you had sex with another 11 year old....or like your 40 yr. old dad.
sometimes you will not find him, he will find you.
Ok, it sounds like your real young.
Men think; nothing goes in them to 'defile' them that I shower can not wash off.
i used to hate girls with big boobs until i finally hit puberty and got them.
They say divorce is like death.
If you don't want to, then don't.
I think you should move on
Its sexy to see 2 beautiful women, but even two beautiful men is kinda gross.
Get to know other guys, and look for someone that wants to be with YOU!
I was 15, I'm now 23, and don't regret a moment of it!
What the hell does that mean?
Does anyone else think he cheated again?
its a two way street so you should not be handling the relationship by yourself.
Take your time, have fun, and laugh !
both but to be loved is totally better
I hope this helps you out alittle!
YES UNFORTUANATELY:( AND I'M STILL GETTING OVA IT.
where are you looking for women ?
nope their all out to lunch
But you might get in A NASTY SITUATION IF YOU DON'T MAKE THIS CLEAR.
I don't have one either...kind of like it better that way...most the time anyway.
Why do guys care bout how strong they are or if they have a six pack or not?
try to put yourself in there place.
It's just ALSO true that we like more of a good thing.
IF he's thinking anything, it's YEAH, she's letting me near her breasts!!
Be confident that you are a complete person now, they don't like desparate guys.
try to ask question funny question that will do it.
For All- Does it really matter if a female shaves her vulva (PUBIC HAIR)?
but who's a virgin now a days
It sounds like it to me.
I don't steal or cheat on anything.
PLUS, YOU HAVE TO BE CAREFUL W/ MEN WHO ARE WILLING TO MESS W/ YOU EVEN IF YOU'RE MARRIED.
you won't give anybody a time of day.
If your passed the age of 20, kinda worry about it.
the first kiss the guy sould make the move ,, its just how its post to be
Ask her whats up with that?
have sex and in between talk about important issues that you feel strong about...
SEX IS NATURE, JUST AS RAIN IS NATURE IT POURS DOWN AND WET THE GROUND.
U can get it up but u need to get more excited about it.
hard to understand with all the ****s but i'm guessing.
wut are sms jokes?i could probably care less
Sit on a couch, have popcorn, and watch THE MOVIE
they laff at you behond you back.
you can probably do it yourself.
KEEP LOOKING...THE HOT AND LOVING COMES AFTER THE RING.
haah no.. they want you to do the leg work.
ANY woman who feels sexy, will WANT to take a nude picture for the man she loves.
battery and a firework got arrested, 1 got charged the other got let off
bUT IF YOUR BOYFRIEND TREATED YOU LIKE CRAP WELL HE DESERVES IT....
Where did you here this rumor?
maybe you should be a shoe salesman like Al Bundy
smoke a cig,pretend your finished lol
that is what my book says
Because u r a young stallion.
Just b yourself and start talking.. you will know if its a good thing to by her response
it's human nature for boys to like girls babe...
take ur time and the time is right tell him
Sometimes marriage counseling is alot cheaper!
because it's just awesome and hot, but if two guys did it, it is just weird and nasty.
and short skirts... depends how short.
have you ever seen him with a girl, or talk about other women?
So if your not a bouncer don't worry i would probably be more attracted to you.
If she shows concern then.............. be warned
you have to be able to look the other person in the eye at least...
Well, what do men really want?
i like this boy but i don't know if he likes me.
Go get you another women and get on with your LIFE!
Keep 'em guessing....  You're a man, aren't you?
Trust me, you don't want to deal with that crap.
yes u can, bcoz u dont have any more relationshpis
DON'T FOOL YOURSELF INTO BELIEVING THIS GUY WILL PLEASE YOU IN WAY YOUR HUSBAND CAN'T OR WON'T.
Depends how much money you have
other than that, i don't think anyone would appreciate sharing a bed with someone like that.
A guy feels pleasure...No pain...I know it sucks but its the truth.
And usually just after you stop looking.
use protection every, single time- even clinton style
Just say hello nice ti ts and then say did I say that out loud.
maybe you really are just a nice guy.
hmmm, if head counts then i got head on the monster plantation(boat ride in the dark) at sixflags(over georgia).
YOU MIGHT BE SURPISED!~  I TELL NOT LIES!
well it dose say till death do you part
Stay or do not stay, but do not cheat.
Do what you like to do & do it well.
they are hard to deal with but don't let them stop you.
You get slapped, or B. you get laid.
well, try to enjoy what she enjoys!
i would want a guy to be honest, tell her you will still b friends.
would you rather them like boys?!?
7 to 8 inches, give or take a little, ...lol
just go up and ask what can it hurt?
they'll call you stupid &you'll ruin your reputation.
yeah i think guys do care about how you look!
YES, after awhile it starts to lose meaning.Been There and Still There!
HEY, GO NOW AND LOOK IN THE MIRROR!!!!!!!!!
( Although having the baby before sex wasn't really possible)
it could be school related or something u found out she liked.
it doesnt matter so much about the size.its all in the way you work it!
Don't knock it until you try it.
gals like other gals similar to guys like gals.
I think I he liks me for me but that never hapons
Dont ruin a good thing if you have got it.
no is she the owner of parker pens
Im sorry but your **** out of luck ... because she is to old!!!
First look at your nick, decadence angel!
with my hubby for days i wont want him to touch me.
play her game w/ her and if she freaks tell her thats what she does to you.
well, id say.. brought me shopping.
AND I JUST MARRIED HIM LAST YEAR.
or you will find yourself getting somthing that you don't want.
always put this at the back of your mind: fidelity is for women while infidelity is for men
Nope, you are totally screwed...unless you are a Mormon.
2)What should i do to impress her / him?
And she's the only girl I've ever kissed.
They're just stupid underwear that go up your butt as far as I can see.
try to break the illusion.think of him as just some ordinary guy.
Is it all a test to see how far they can take it or how much u can handle.
Being a good girl is a good thing without a doubt.
whoever that guy is he's a jerk and also very screwed up in the head.
everybody wants to give precious gift to his love.
get it together dude,start thinking with your cock!
get out now, hold your head high, and wait for a guy who'll drop everything for you!
HEY YOU SHOULD JUST TALK 2 HIM!
when they start tryin to tease you about it
She obviously likes the other girl, so back up and let her be.
YOU HAVE BEEN SHACKED-UP FOR 3 YEARS AND NOW WANT A RESPECTABLE RELATIONSHIP.
Women bleed for four days and don't die.
then you will just get hurt again.
YOUR HIGHT SIZE DON'T MATTER AS LONG AS IT DON'T BOTHER YOU.KEEP 13,14 OUT OF IT,TO YOUNG.
If that fails spend all your money on her - but I wouldn't do that!
ask her to join you for a coffee
IF TWO PEOPLE ARE ON THE SAME PAGE IT CAN WORK OUT REALLY NICE.
not a creator of problems... but every now and then... GIVE IT UP!!!..
well u should pick a girl that will love u very much.
Turned off...talking Erect...touching  It's not rocket science...excuse the pun...
Pay the fee (not worth it) and you'll be able to IM all you want.
Ask her out for valentines day.
Agreed, if you like things the way they are, but want more, just don't push anything.
Well, I think yes and no.
Maybe you should talk about it with your brother FIRST, then see what happen's with this boy you like.
you should sit together on a couch so that she'll fell all sunglely then she'll like you
my boyfriend wants the same from me and i dont want to.
Go out and make it happen!
are you guys IN-LOVE WITH EACH OTHER???
well uh yea im normally a really nice guy but ur a fucked up ho
I think you have a lot of money and the sisters know it!
now i know how to dress
If you want bad advice, this is probably a good place :)
Even though I am single there are only certain types of guys that I feel attracted to.
you dont want to be stereotyped with all females,niether do guys.
Well if your already boyfriend and girlfriend, it shouldnt be a problem asking her to do anything
for example say he says I LOVE YOU like 5 times back to back
That, and they know men are pigs.
ask him.....and a friend who would know.
Try to move on and just stay FRIENDS with her for now.
Girls love candles, thats what I give all my girls!!!
Yep... kinda makes you wonder why you broke up with him??
and dont be creepy about it!!!
With guys, it is more like a Check this one out and then it is over.
(only people without money will tell you different because they don't have it)
BABY DON'T HURT ME, DON'T HURT ME, NO MORE!
find out who her favorite band is and buy her a tshirt , cd or video of them.
talk to her ask her hows her love life goin.
first of all convince a girl
Simply because you are a GOOD person.
Best friends do not do this to a friend!!
It's not as sweet if you make it a big huge deal.
But hey nothing Ben N' Jerry's and some chickflicks couldn't help, or rebound dating.
Maybe you should hang out with some guys sometimes.
Makeup works or just blame it on a curling iron, haha
So don't worry what are u sad for?
you dont have to be a vergo, just real.
yes and i love the time i do that with feeling love with lady betwen 50 60
he has the right to know.
rumors always have an element of truth!
yeah i am but it wont work.
Sure, if you don't mind the pain of having your cojones cut off.
But what if it doesn't just happen?
i think lee ryan  i just looove that accent
in your situation its so hard.
She will look at u all the time.
congrats on the pursuit of being a pastor.
Don't let anyone on here lie to you!
it depends on the age of the guy.
first... take off all suggestive pictures in your profile - you attract the morons like me.
Fool me once, shame on you; fool me twice, shame on me.
Why all the people have problems with speech...and spelling need to ask such dumb question?
they open their mouths and TALK!
not much maybe your love to your girl and flowers and chocolate.
of cos sexy gals can aroused gals like the guys.
chat rooms, or use your search engine.
OK let me break this down, I am a woman.
But if he just keeps talking then put this one in the history book and keep moving.
does he go on the computer?
YES..  Love can happen anywhere..anytime..you never know it!
like fofull ur greatest sex fantasy.
But if shes hot, then GET R DUN or something like that.
i AM THIRTEEN AND  WHAT I DO IS JUST TALK TO HIM AND TRY TO BE BEST FRIENDS.
u that is unless you dont know him well enough.
ask yourself, what type of girl are you looking for and what would she be doing.
I don't mean playing hard to get.
if she doesnt like u the way u r then dont form to what she wants.
Always watch their actions and don't go just by the I love you alone...K
NOW YOU MUST TRY TO WORK IT OUT!
even if they r gay, they also have a love live.
Just be yourself and it will happen!!
unless u are a lucky one an find a nice guys but theres only about 2 of them.
and multiple partners as in i'm gonna sleep with you today and your brother tomorrow?
Whispering in my ear and tickleing
plus i dnt want a chik whos a village bicycle so i hold my self by the same standards.
I wouldn't be gay to start with.
Now - you can throw yourself into work/life.
IT NEVER SHOULD BE; BE AWARE
Stay a virgin or don't do it again, until you are married.
Love is when you cannot stop thinking about that person and you always want to see him/her.
He does kinda flirt with me but then laughs...
uhm....they are nicer to look at >.
if u got friends who can connect u to new people, then u have chances to meet someone nice.
Cheaters are sexier when your drunk!)
just tell her to knock it off
funny it is, but guess the way it's said... PINKU
To me hook up is like foreplay but no sex.
You've got the girl, you don't need the porn.
my friend slept with a guy one night... no sex.
he is a bit shy and i want to make him love me more.how could i do this?
I wasn't looking, wasn't expecting anything...
thinking about other women is not cheating.
I hope everything works out for you guys, just talk about it.
Don't worry, everyone likes to talk about themselves!
But that's what it feels like everytime I'm with him.
Are you a now a woman, or just a pathetic stalker.
Im not, why be affraid to tell people.
how about no pick up line.
If u aint given, he thinks that u dont love him and appreciate him.
That I have to teach her how.
wipe the tears with your bear hand and kiss on the cheek
NOT You SHOULDNT HAVE SEX TILL MARRIAge DONT YOU KNOW HOW TO READ
Hope you find peace soon...so much anger cannot be fun.
Try to move on,what else can u do.
Just enjoy it & do what feels right.
but to a certain extent they look good on alot of girls.
and why didn't you ever leave?
why don't go to i am a fucker.com bitch
Then his friend couldn't go with me then.
no dont that is a huge age diffence for younger people
everything.except things i don't know anything about
how did you know you were gay?
they tell you they love you, yet they still leave...
if ur shy to sk someone out then no good.
some guys dont appreciate that though.
soeone who can better understand her.
How did you ask your girlfriend to go out with you?
If I were you, I'd be wondering what else he lies about.
well just go out and hopefully youll find one !!!
do you think he would take you back if you cheated.
i like this guy a lot at my school.
You just like black women and don't know it.
FIND OUT FOR SURE..IF ITS TRUE THEN DUMP HIS SORRY BUTT
So, can a guy really be too nice of a person?
don't let anyone tell you different.
It is not right in Gods eyes!
i know it sounds like a clich but it may be the best thing u can do.
Could be a number of reasons: 1) Confidence level -- she could be shy!
then if you are with someone then thats another thing also.
Genie - as in the bottle kind.
talk to him and see if he thinks it has fallen apart too.
i think she likes u but doesn't want to tell keep trying to get to her!
Sometimes it's hard for us girls to accept that guys just aren't exactly like us.
Be loved cuz then you feel special inside =)
so ask ur date to take a walk and excuse ur else from the other couple.
you're getting married, and your fiance suspect's you're interested in your ex?
just love thats what a woman longs for
no, but any one that would have sex with you at such a young age would think your one.
YES ITS A FREE COUNTRY WHY NOT
think about not what you say to him, but how you say it.
So why do you like me?lol.............
I see alot of celebs doing it but not only celebs are getting in the trend!
LOVE HIM... for real... don't fake love.
Hey hon, can you just grab me another beer?
But if he tries to act nice and talk nice to you, then... you know.
out of the blue 9 out of 10 times is because he is looking for a booty call.
That's cheating, I feel bad for the boyfriend.
i know what you are talking about.
correct me if I'm wrong but isn't everyone different?
1)how do u know if u love a person?
she has a great body, great abs, pretty face and nice perky boobs.
Sexually - get to know the man in the boat.
unable to enjoy life as someone is overbearing.
(Unless he is a horse... size usualy doesn't matter.)
Get some and you'll not think about it as much.
Keep that guy who love's you a lot in your pocket and maybe you will love him later.
Thats all it takes, a friendly hello and--Boom!
my mom says it's wrong but she don't know how comfortable i am around him.
You can't have too many friends.
What was the deal w/ the first marraige??
there are some that do(just cannot rememberthe name).
No it's one of the most sacred rules ever you don't date your X'S friend... it's called BACKSTABBING!!!!
IF YOUR MARRIED IS GOOD, STICK W/ YOUR HUSBAND.
I'm 17, I can sing, I'm a sweet guy, not bad looking, and I'm going to be a pastor.
i just want someone to spend it with and that would work just fine for me
What if this guy scams people for a living?
let you eyes ponder and it will direct you to that perfect girls of you fantasy or dreams ...
Rate your marriage on a scale of 1-10...10 being best  What makes it so good/bad?
What do women really want ?
They care because they want girls and friends to think that they are hot and sexy!
Really dear... don't ask ppl on such question... but if u're askin for advice.. then here's mine...
Also how would you ask her out?
Especially if you broke up for some reason.
whenever i look at any particular thing first thing that comes in my mind is sex.
someone will like you as you are
This way, if she doesn't have a boyfriend, she'll probably ask YOU to go to dinner with HER!
At that point you would probably become the cheater...
I went and picked her up (yeah, her mom wouldn't let her get her license, even at age 18!)
i'll give you fifty bucks to sit by me for two hours
it is hard to tell from your question......
Depends on the guy,as an emo i can say i would be just happy being with that girl.
never ever ever believe this, its a lame excuse and its only used so they dont feel guilty!!
when you see her around and you dont know where you where going or do
I'm in love with my soulmate, confidante and best friend...and the great thing is, she loves me, too!
like making love..what you want and expect.
depends, not on the first night though.
plis I love to read youre advice........
Think about it - it is kinda great to be bachelor again!
i have a couple straight friends like that.
Do that BEFORE moving on with the other guy.
i don't have much luck myself.
just be a friend and show her what you are like on the inside.
Well to me it seems like these so called good friends aren't such good friends at all.
We live together now and he is an amazing guy!
they might just think ur trying to do them a favor and dating em to make them feel good.
Sunshine's on the right track....so pick her as best if it comes down to she or I.
if you two are with other pepole or what
im a girl send me a pic my email is ltenenbaum9119@yahoo.com or wildone91191991@hotmail.com
like he liked that part of you?
or just keep track of how boys react around you... and so some investigation..
I just don't get it, that adult's these days have no self control.
and that's not a bad thing.
you might like them a lot, but it isn't love.
If she does'nt like u then foget her and go find a girl that can like u for u.
Don't worry, he's with YOU now.
maybe start with sexy fully clothed pictures.
Anyway it always cracks me up to think of a car rocking back and forth so for me no.
Okay... Before you get any FURTHER attached, let her go!
tell him that u have a boyfriend and tell him that u can be friends with him.
PRAY to the most high GOD to put her in your path!
Does it really sound like he has changed??
YOU KNOW I WNATED TO HUG AND KISS ALL THE TIME YOU NEVER WANTED TO.
HIS GAME IS OVER, AND YOU'RE LEFT OUT TO DRY BY YOURSELF.
Best advice, don't do the crime and you won't have to face the time.
Typically you'd say thanks, because apparently he thinks it's *time* you got some new draws.
of course, if they really are 'true' enough.
i don't think he will say now (can i join in)
some day you will, and you will knew why?
and the other girl... i'll let someone else answer that
i promise it works bcoz i had chkd svrl times on many girls in such cases.
Let her know you are a virgin if she doesn't already.
babe, sadly i think your man is cheating.
love is a buttiful thing but i u play with ur LOVE = emotions then u just ****ed up
wut i did wuz be nice but dont go out of the way to do things wth her.
Once a while,she would be nice to me and i feel like in heaven!.
who gives a fuck with sms jokes,be real girl
MINE DID AND WE HAVE BEEN MARRIED FOR 35 YEARS.
if he can't take it then lose him.
do it in person, it hurts worse when its done over the phone
Why is she jealous... coz she loves u.
!And for Godssakes please don't have a baby that young,a baby will complicate your life even further!!
Find out who you 'real' friends are?
i think the best way is to stay friends with that guy.
Not all women are like that .
Thay way you're in the 'driver's seat ;)
if you keep changing you mind on him .
hell yeah, go out and look.
Only is she is not really a girl.
but i dont wear them in college??
and the thing is his family doesnt like for both of you to be together.
He wants to send u mixed signals and amplifies the attraction process more....!!
read the book He's  just not that into you!
IM NOT SAYING YTHAT U R LIEING I AM JUST NOT SUR.
if they really are just making it up then you wouldnt have been good together anyways
r u jeolous if so get over it
ask her if she likes the movie Beauty and the Beast.
Well from my saying, you should go on and flirt with him alotto try and get to know him!
after we had this talk he then ask me are we o.k.
Youngest age: 16 No younger that that!
what you should do is flirt with him a bit and smile around him.
ONCE IN A WEEK IFU CAN AFFORD IT BUDDY
well you must seek only trashy women.......
it usually just flows on from there.
how would dat fell to u baby?
words r words and mean nothing at all unless there is action to back it up.
You would do anything for them......  1.
No, I would never do that!
i am scared he wont give his heart to me in full.
we feel the same  your question answer it self
it might not be his fault after all.
Give it a try and good luck!
if your into it go for it!
No it's not cheating.. it's just you fantasizing.
if your wife won't take nude pictures, maybe she's unconfortable in her own skin.
or ask her to the movies or something like that.
i'm positive that someone will love you one day
if the first happens, don't worry, you'll get it up again, if the second happens great!
At least as much maybe more!
They DON'T work in real life.
They have the theme rooms etc.
yes ur not only a whore ur a slut!
and wll these feelings all pass?
first of all, do you really hate them?
Dont ever do something like that because in the long run it comes back to hunt you.
Chat and ask if she would like to have coffee IN THE MUSEUM cafe.
this will be in june and I don't want my future wife disappointed
As far as men wanting to get married early I havent seen that where Im from.
How I can say the dumbest thing and he still finds it funny.
Because I think that I did.
perk them up tell them a really funny joke
It doesn't have to be anywhere fancy, just somewhere special to You guys.
Girls like it when they think the guy actually pays attention to more than her boobs!
I know when I came out to my mother she said Oh, your not funny like that!
drop something infront of her and say hi that will start it 4 u
everything seems so much easier now.
yes two girls like me what do i do.
its not so much that we like girls, we just like the sex.
just be yourself and find someone who cares u .
you can buy what you want or need.
get her a cute little stuffed animal.
or wave to him in the hallway.
Jeez, what the hell kind of question was that?
Also you just have to get to know her better.
I dont think so my dad is a cop and statitory rape is seriouse business
i don't know....you should wait for your soul mate...
Then go where these people go.
well that happened to me but i wasnt pregnant and she diffently wasnt a size 4!
Just look at Eminem and his wife.
or is she sum 1 ur wanting 2 talk 2?
just be urself a woman loves a honest guy.
We also went to dinner, that was plenty for me!
it depends what people will think about you.
he doesnt want me to leave cause he wants to be with me all the time.
but nothing wrong by marrying anyone you find on the street.
but if u really like all of them pick one.
And FYI: Not all guys play games.
that's the explination.they can't be faithful unless the one true love strikes them over the head.
It hard but there are some mean out there they're just hard to find
i told my friend that too.
by the way i am o.k.
the other girl is after one thing, and its in your pants...
If she takes off her pants and sits on your lap....you got good chances.
:)  Wish you all the luck in the world... Cheers-Danae
Its probably good idea talk it out with him.
I mean after all that`s all girls do to guys.
It's not right to say hey your an a**hole because your hot.
it's very simple...tell her to back off in a nice way...honesty is the best policy.
Many men are just like that with breasts.
Just don't get your hopes up too much...
i'm sure you will find some body, keep looking.
and that's how to prove his to love to u. then u go that city.
but my absolutly beutiful wife married me and I look like an idiot
neither am i. i am a nigerian dude looking for the same  thing!
whenever u and your wife happy can share the night with outside dinner
you ladies should just come out and say ~ Pound da s**t outta my cootchie please!
How can I get my best friend (guy) to join me and my 'girlfriend' in bed...?
though if you love each other love will find a way its way back for both of you.
if you prefer the postal way it is also possible
not only for your soul but for your health.
don't date him- it'll be trouble!
Start slow - join a club or team or choir or other group that has girls in it.
Looks like hooked on phonics didn't work for you
you cheap #@!$* just kidding, how much was the watch?
its the most special feeling you will ever have.
If you can't trust each other, why would you even THINK of getting married?
Well you don't really say what or how he's abusive.
U need 2 ask him that honey.
you should not be thinking about marraige if he does not trust you.
and he has lost his romance
SEE WHAT MADE YOUR MAN CHANGE.
and make the best you can out of your life.
Is he the only guy you can get?
YOU WILL NOT FIND TRUE HAPPINESS WHEN YOU LOOK OUTSIDE YOUR MARRIAGE.
Just go up and say hi.
Or just say hey whats up?
just be your self  and be honest.
its really hard to say what is average.
just expose yourself to him ;) works every time...
who the hell sees you like an object????????
Yes harry larry, you're a whore.
then left him hanging and i feel really bad.
hot girl get it while you can : P no im just kidding im not THAT insensitive.
First off, never, NEVER EVER answer a question like that from a woman!!
if u mean a hickey than, rub a lipstick cover over it and twist it.
Kill yourself, then you are the one dying, and that should make everyone happy.
um no that just screams immature!
And all that is called L.O.V.E!
sounds like you just had a bad breakup and he doesnt want to be a rebound boy.
ask me my code name is iverson
don't... love your life and self first if you wanted to love other person..
Some people don't get hit on at all.
be yourself go up to her and ask her she is doing.
You know, that is asked alot by girls.
then just get talking about deeper things, not like, so, how's life?
hiiii this matter is about love
You get high frome their scent.....  3.
TRy talking about your boyfriend or girlfriend.
if you have any more questions like that don't be afraid to email me at:                iceskater_ashley@yahoo.com
WELL THATS WHAT I WOULD DO!
IT'S  EITHER THEY HAVE IT OR THEY DON'T
or start with just a bra and pantes first.
probably he's self-conscious and has a lot on his mind..
F. She thinks you are lying?
dont feel ugly if you know that you are pretty.
What if you had gotten married then all this happened??
you can rub my feet anytime
Just make sure you swim well.......and buy some wellies!
Um...we're just like any other kind of girl!
But if you love him you need to tell him.
i am sure i cant be the only one out there looking for a guy like you!
kiss.com ... that's where i met my honey :)
Give him head while doing it.
if u dont voice out u dont get it.
If she has a boyfriend, and she's happy, then back off!
U can always ask her friends too.
HOWEVER----i find him looking at me every now and then.
Ask him yourself if he wants to go out with you.
If he is, dont allow him to hurt you- leave him right away!!!
Is he teasing her a lot?
if your friend really has a problem with them dating then talk to the guy.
well its hard to talk about one's self :-D
i like an average girl and she is very pretty, but shy to some people.
talk about something she might interested in, or a movie
Thats All you have to do.
Just try giving him some hints , like tossing your hair etc.
So no we aren't always trying to be nosy.
you are afraid of losing .
You forget what she looks like?
Her name is megan and she likes me so much.
And you cant sweat this crap beacuse, you loved a hoe.
You should wait untill it feels like the right moment, whatever you do don't RUSH!
But alot of men and some younger boys look at a woman as a whole package.
You have to be In love to know what it is
Yes, most guys ask girls out, but hey, you've got to give us a sign!!!!
cuz i am thinking about doing it
move on, there was an obvious reason it didn't work out the first time.
If you touch, lay, make a move, etc.
u will marry in same age that HE (your true love and friend) desides marry u,too
Stop looking and wait for her to come to you.
what restaurants are you going to?
Just say happy birthday and that's it.
FYI...it only takes 4 to penitrate.
When will I get my chance?
now I have to get off here and go snuggle up... See ya later!
dont do this until you are sure you are ready .
so on,on,on, something you are doing, is saying to them come and get you????????
just be real tell her whats on your mind tell her wat you fell she will be very happy
take her to a movie that she likes
well im a guy and i know how it is.
OMG why would you send somebody a copy of your ID?
yes i am.. and after 5 years, we are still in love
Aslong as she is using it correctly you guys will not get pregnant.
depends on how mature they are?
First, would your brother care if you started a relationship with this guy?
Just think of it that way.
you get that warm fuzzy damp feeling in your blue jeans
maybe u didnt include them with it.
cant save a life with words.
lots of random posts tonight huh?
not all women..  take it from me..
money  if you have money you don't need anything else.
since you are shy, maybe hang out with some of your friends when you flirt with him.
If she's your girlfriend why would you need to impress her?
Either way, you don't have what she wants RIGHT NOW.
IF IT'S BAD, SEEK COUNSELING, AND IF THAT DOESN'T WORK, JUST END IT.
if you dont know that..then your numb!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i think you should get a plane ticket and go see him!!!
Well me myself... i am still a virgin and yes sometimes i feel embarrassed to tell people it.
Plus, there are just the people that get pregnant on the pill, even with perfect usage.
me, im the best choice hands down
I want a reply from you.
have you ever tried yahoo personals or eharmony.com or other dating services.
no, hanging out with friends or going to outragous partys is the only way to have real fun.
If she knows you like her then just chill.
Or the signs are there (guys checking you out), but ur just not reading them.
what do you think i should do??
I care about him a lot..but sometimes I wonder if it's truly love.
you're not insecure, you just see through his crap.
and put down a towel, no one wants to sit in the wetspot
Get the ball rolling and keep going.
if you don't, then let some other person help or just give them a little quit time.
STAND UP FOR YOURSELF, START LETTING PEOPLE EXACTLY HOW YOU FEEL ABOUT BEING ABUSED!
cause u should b. i guess, thats just wat we hpoe
but check it out usually between the age of 35 and 45 HA prime time
3 Tell yourself I can't do this now and mentally lay it aside
if u wanna be a virgin b4 marriage, maybe 17 or 18.
try your best to see it yourself first.
Do some guys like this or will I just need to fake how I am to keep someone?
u shouldn't have any doubts in ur mind about them.
You read their texts over and over again.....  11.
did u run out of medication or is therapy school on break!?
...oh, you're a really sweet sounding guy.
For example, if you just sit there straight faced then it sends a message that you don't care.
no offense or anything but i dont think las vegas is a good place to get married
She is who she is...... like it or leave it!
no really it is a form of herpes but not the kinda u worried about
i love well formed females under five foot, really,
if that is the cause you never had nothing with him to begian with as far as prettier .
us girls are twisted, dont try to understand us.
If not then go for it all the way but except what ever come from it...
Im a girl i knows boyz like black boyz they like the gurl booty than the beauty..
AND I WAS GONNA GET A JOB AND YOU STOPPED ME FROM GETTING IT.
Yo son if u really want a girl to like u you got to be urself.
i only admit it to ppl who i knw r virgins too.
yes.i don't think there's any problem in it.but if he has some other good qualities also.
second i think you are too young to have a g/f.
but says he doesn't want to go with you and doesn't want to, and doesn't tell you why???
so they can pick lettuce while they cruise :) dont worry, i am mexican!
what should i do if my best friend was macking on my boyfriend
you better stay away from jail man.
If myles is the one you want then get him back.
if he doesnt like it move on.
Ok, im a very straight guy.
you ignore her acitvity & works
But girls are like that too, always think they're not cute, sorta gets annoying.
eat lots of chocolate and ben and jerrys new york fudge chunk ice cream.
i'm sure there is somebody out there for u.
Nice looking women treat men good too.
Just don't let random hot women get to you.
the first time i had sex i was 9.
If you still want to play around then don't get married.
in person would be the best over the phone just shows what a coward they are!
he might get turned off on it too and you might be able to have a little fun.
if you were gay why wouldn't you want to married to the person you love.
Show him that you care and still want to be friends if you two broke up!
We got married 10 1/2 years ago, even though I never proposed!
AND the food isn't that good and the beer selection is lacking!
I just told my friend i have strong feelings for her.
Well i hope things work out for u and  GOOD LUCK to u l8r
You acually mean girl or women?
for a real bf, you should be 18.......but can be younger if just a buddy
Not u. Alot of guys are hoes and want there di** to fall off.
guys are afraid of being made a joke of and turned down
find a girl u like and do any crazy thing to get the date
thats the last thing you should feel
be honest and forward dont beat around the bush, it will only make it worse
Besides how do you know the guy who wants a fling will love you.
i don't think it's odd if that's what he wants from you.
Don't you think that kids back then snuck the occasional peek.
First of all your boyfriend shouldnt lie!
No, it was a fling...I don't think his girlfriend would like it....
:( But i sure love it.
SEX TOO IS ONLY PLEASE WHEN IT IS DONE.
is it because you are expecting him he'd love you the way you love him?
4) Waiting -- to see what you are REALLY about .
but l luv my hubby with all my heart and l wont want this to continue.
don't do the same things, try to spice it up my doing new things.
his family rejected that coz of my age!!
Not only did he rape your girl, but he was your so called friend.
Cheater or man with something to hide!
!IF YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN.
if you know them well ask them whats up.
if things turn sour in the relationship with your boss then things can turn sour on your job.
don't fake because if it turns serious they will notice.
if they always in your face smilin
LOOK TO SEE WHAT HAD HAPPEN IN THE TIME OF MARRAGE.
I guess boys should be after girls not men!
Thats a lot of stress you don't need right now!
should love me always.and shold be romantic.and she shold be hot.
and try and figure out-what happened,here.
to avoid answering the real answers
id personally love both =] but id rather be loved.
i just want to ask for opinions that would best fit my question.
The bigger they are, the more they get in your way!!
dude, i'm goin through the same shit right now.
because you're a baby and can't get over it.
These are questions that good - caring women look for.
from my own personal experience...just try to be funny!!!
men can touch their balls women can't
like: not to start talking to him/her, not asking about him/her, not answeering him/her for along time...etc !
the best thing he ever did to me was when he bought me the first rose.
If you marry her, you could rub her feet for life!
you know there have to be blondes mixed into this
youre nuts leave the guy alone
probably girls always want wat they cant have
How well do you know this man?
My friend cheats on his girlfriend because girls beg him too.
or maybe she just doesn't want to
being a guy, it is embarasin wen ur 24!
and given that i am not in that setting i don't know what is driving that.
when she starts playing around with you and talking to you a lot.
She my friend is haveind her frist kid
Now you have to take an STD screen every 6 months for the next 3 years.
8 years together she still looks great.
i think every single gurl who is looking......looks for a a real loving, understanding, caring man !!!!
Ok, ask her to go outside in the parking lot with u becuz u need some air.
Or at least the ones I've asked do.
This isn't why he said it.
Looks like you got the point.
What ever you do' dont stay with a cheater.
my sympathies, but just tell everyone straight up
see i use to date this fat guy, until he broke up with me.
No, a guy can't be too nice.
Are you sober right now...this seems like a pretty sappy question.
Dont ask always.... tell about yourself, your dreams, ur goals ...
which i thik is so nasty since i have a bf!!
a skirt it is more comfortable for a girl and sexy for guys
im 15 he's 18 and in college he loves me to but we decided it wont work.
Then find out what she is into...then go to her and say I heard you like(mexican?
first thing u gotta do is stop spending so uch time on the computer asking dumb ass questions.
Maybe you should just leave her be.... she might be trying to help him get to heaven faster!
It just might knock his socks off.
THATS EASY, ME GETTO TACO BELL !!
If it is your first time yea it prob.
this guy has serious issues...log off/sign out immediately and dont EVER EVER contact him again!!!
you cant make him love you.
do some thing u enjoy if ur date enjoys it too then u have some thing in common
things will go smoothly if you try this.
they aren't complicated at all... self centered is the proper terminology
But thank god we tried it out first!
and if you get told no, so what!
nothng wrong, it could be just fear.
Be stick on that and you will be succeed...
was there a reason you guys waited 3yrs to get married?
Don't trust other people, no matter who they are.
or just stay seprated if your in no hurry wait him out and mabie he will file
SOMETHING THE BOTH OF YOU NEVER EXPERIENCE TOGETHER.
females be tryna play wit guy's heads.
Don't worry about the boyfriend stuff.
why i did u have 2 break up wit him wen u new u liked him
If shes really one, you outta luck.
Um...I meen smooth talk her, get close, and invite her over.
so it can happen!...Anyways hope this helped!
But they can't be any guys you have to be close to them.
I recently had a great guy friend kiss me.
your husband can't control your mind!
What would having your picture back accomplish?
no...as far as i know, he's not dating anyone right now
Then, do what you like to do.
Shaved looks like a little girl, and i don't want a woman to look pre-pubescent.
1 just being that he's not divorced yet.
If you want to, then go ahead.
i did like the taco bell answer.
But....like sunshine suggested.....read up on it!
It's like some weird animal instinct.
MAYBE YOU NEED TO TRY SOMETHING NEW WITH HER.
when you figure this one out please let me know
just be yourself...do NOT try to be something you're not!
everywhere, they are like grocery stores all over the place
you should be like wow girl you are so cute whats your name
I NEED MORE INFORMATION TO ANSWER THIS QUESTION!
Umm...no panties would actually be more comfortable than butt floss.
People conversate with other people all the time!
PLUS I'd rather not choke myself :p
They really don't, it's just how they communicate.
sex at the neighborhood park in the daytime(nobody was there).
not on the first date but def on the 2nd!
give her a large teddy bear and ask her to pose with it.
I felt like I was kissing mushmouth!
why are all the HOT boys jerks and the ugly boys are nice?
STAY LOYAL TO THE GUY YOUR MARRIED TO, DONT CHEAT!!!
lolz...n e wayz first of all, do u noe the gurl?
worked for her with her family.
get her fav flovers,chcolate, your love.
you shouldnt feel ugly and unwanted just cause a guy treats you like shit.
So, until then, I think I'll just hang out and have friends.
hope i help u even a little...
If you don't want suprises then next time tell him what you would like.
or you love him the way he is?
Just always be there and she will eventually warm up to u.
move on it will be the best for both in the end
Now we broke up now his friend wants me.
maybe not, but if u want to know just how he is, u can mail him asking that.
because they want to get girls  duhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!
But right after youv dumped the now-chow, and your ex starts flirting, id go back to now-man.
and in same girls like boys 2 becz boys have those things which girls have not.
quick answer: our brains actually function differently!
Depends how much you like them.
Then, you should probably see why they tease u.
so i get to be close to a girl with out having them wanting to suck me off.
as they get older they get more 'guts'
Many ugly guys care about only sex.
yes it is and when you do people will know you are an easy sl[ut
cuz iranian guys r loyal,truthfull and care for the family.
If you don't want to, then don't.
If he wants to go then shut up about it already and go.
some people hang around you for what they can get.
ANY ONE THAT CAN CONTROL NATURE CAN STAY AWAY FROM SEX.
When YOU know what you want.... Then YOU will know what you truely need.
and in the end is it really worth it?
cause guys are stupid and like 2 show off 2 anyone and everyone.
If they were to say 100%...yeah, then they could be sued.
give me as much response as possible
you can never get that trust back, so move on.
get some hard proof...like a police report, etc.
i met my man from online.
and fined out wha shes into!
man can give to his women love and all what she like
maybe he loved what you were like to him at that moment.
no matter how hard you try, you can't help who you love no matter what they do to you.
Depends on how good looking the ex is ;)
touch wood i hope i dnt change my views!
Mayb ur having an affair with him coz u still love him.
he might be better than your ex.
and ask yourself what you might be doing wrong.
i think u got wat i mean.
then ask the dude u hate how his love life goin.then tell her ur real fellings
Get out while  you can!Your lover may go psycho on  you!
don't bother yourself with him, move on and forget about him.
once they're done crying, manhandle them and spank them.
people m waiting for some good answer
Ya-we do or at least I do, but I don't think about it every 12 seconds!!!!
your girlfriend doesn't want you asking about other girls expecially her friends.
don't tell him you love him .
If you have to ask youll never know
My best Guess being a Guy , Is there is sum1 else in tha Mix...
by a chance do u know anyone that live in the same state with her?
No if ands or buts about it!
Just speak, strike up a convo and get to know eachother!
Just do what your heart tells you at least your real about it to her
Just say it Einstein...not all that hard...
It's like most guy's wildest dreams  have a threesome... he's crazy if he won't.
u gotta get OFF of that fear man, i mean lifes to short for that kinda shit.
give a big smile and say HEY
just ask her out on a movie.
what kinda music are you listening to?
NOTHING MUCH JUST THE SIMPLE FACT THAT HE CARES
People who don't type in all capitals...
your mom, they have surprisingly good advice sometimes
It's like asking why do some people go for Coca Cola and others for Pepsi... or something like that!
It just depends on the girl.
Guys are afraid of women with brains, and they humiliate them to boost up their own selfesteem!
TAKE THE TIME TO LOOK AT EACH OTHER AND ASK YOURSELVES IF YOU LOVE EACH OTHER.
I told her to ask him when he came in the house call she hung up in my face.
becz the girls have those things which boys have not.
Kick his arse to the kerb.
but a 6-7 inch is nice!!
its fate u'll get to them.
yes, and it rained today, and i had peaches for lunch.
no i have never been to england.
How about in choosing a mate?!
i kno sumone n i want 2 find out information bout him.
overall, wait, don't force ANYTHING AT ALL!!
I bet he would get a real kick out of serving you :)  Have fun!
Of course you don't like to complain... YOU ARE THE FIXER of problems.
but for sure not everybody is telling the truth on the net.
your Avatar doesn't help at all!!
I told him I liked him and gave him my phone # he just tore it up.
MY GUESS IS THAT YOU NEVER DID BUT, PERHAPS YOU COULD LEARN TO LOVE EACH OTHER?
did he dump you or did you dump him.
For the same EXACT reason hot girls are bit**es and ugly ones are nice as can be!
I once went out with this guy and he broke my heart.
Have your own Style & be Cool ... Act like you are already in a relationship !
But be real and dont try to be fake.
MOVIE OR BRING HER TO UR HOUSE AND GET DOWN AND DIRTY.
THINGS THAT YOU COULD SHARE THAT YOU HAVE IN COMMON.
don't go crazy trying to impress her.
stay away from these people at all costs!
well, u probably look like a guy that they can trust.
2. he doesn't care about her or her reaction.
so you've actually seen a guy slap a girl?
And there are lots of good non-Iranian guys.
Im not an american to understand what do hicking means.
i really hoped i helped, even just a lil bit.
no i go out with people i love.
even condoms don't gurrantee 100% protection
just try going to da club on a singles night or something.
there is no such thing just be yourself when you talk to someone
if she's nuts, then she'll probably say every day, which if you can afford that then hey, no stress.
once i was,  don't be in a rush getting fucked isnt all its cracked up to be.
not really, you have to be the judge
Falling in love over typed words and web cams only is not so hot.
Tell him that you didn't mean to hurt him!
And thats' what I think you should do!
why would you want to know, thats gross.
no i do not but its easy to find her just go to yellowpages.com
this is really a question up 2 u. but i say do what ur heart fells.
just his kindness and love, because he is so nice and loving and i don't need much
Ambitous, successful, intelligent, educated... oh wait you said dream girl right?
There are sensitive caring men out there who don't let their penis make their decisions.
Starting over is a hard step for me, I can not open up yet.
and what if your boyfriend findsout how would he feel.
and hope i have answered you on this matter
or was that just all a fantasy?
Why Don't Guys lay back for a lil' while.
:P  I wouldn't want to share my husband with anyone...ever.
Hon, why don't you trust your insticts?
And you know him better than her, right??
So could you share some of that with me???
I HAVE BEEN VERY SHY SINCE BIRTH BUT GETTING RID OF IT.
Why not tell the girl the truth!!
Tell her you Love her every min of the day,Well.it works for me :P
this is a really hard one.
Then if they get mad and start yelling, gag them.
i was going to say not until you said the X cheated on you.
if u r honest with ur relationship then u make a guy intersted in u.
Dont take him back- even if he was drinking or not.
If you like someone let 'em know I always say but I guess I'm wrong!
GEEEEEZE My Valentines' chocolate is long gone!
Janu,sweety pie,lolly pop,this one did it.
i am not trying to be mean but you need some help.
C. She does nothing for you?
yep... and we have a baby.
if not you need to stop and think and think hard and long.
find people in chat rooms and ask if they want to be penpals
dont even GO on the webcam anymore!!!
i know it's crazy... but it's true
not happy that he still see's the ex on occasions and dosent care if i am not o.k.
color is only skin deep....it dont matter until you get to the inside.
And to hurt someone that truly cares about you is bad karma.
I don't do anything that hurts someone else.
Well mine is 10inches long and 3 inches thick But thats just mine care to try it out
IF you truly loved him....it wouldn't bother you.
Jewlery wise...Something simple but not cheap..Like a Necklace or cute braclet... Music..who dont like music!!
you have to kno what there into for ins.
but pls don't get ugly, just to find that guy.
Dpon't pull a shakespeare, don't force it out.
If you know what I mean
but that is what sisters are supose to think
Because hot guys don't have to try hard to win affection.
of cos they can get into homo or want to be homo.
goggle web and you find what you are looking for.
what if he blew the best job opportunity you ever had by insulting your future boss.
Energy is good but too much is pretty annoying!
Why haven't I had one yet and should I tell him that he really isn't the first.
So it really is up to you.
i love sex so very much, but can barely ever get my boyfriend to have sex with me.
:) Best of luck to you.
buy here a movie that she said was a favorite.
may be you should say you're looking for something bigger.. :)
So obviously she just wasn't good enough for him and you are.
show him that youre better with out him.
Don't be arrogant, women hate that.
im the most popular kid in my 8th grade class and a big jock.
youre probably shy because you're afraid to make the wrong impression on him.
They don't know him like I know him.
clearly something is wrong, yet they wont admitt it.
I black i went though it...
I know his is alot but i had it on my mind for a while.
'cause the smokin hot ones think their too good for you or sumtin like that, so that never lasts.
pick any good guys out, the rest you can blast away with a shotgun!
oh no, they ar superior(this is what 90% think about girls), and for them sex is beter then humor.
The pain .... oh the pain of losing the one.
Because it is sexy and makes charlie stand at attention
I don't now but they look like it hurts
Cuz if it vibrates well then....
she had no answer to me.
Why not he's single unless he's committed
Start there and see where it leads.
often, but most don't act on it.
He wasn't and that was for sure.
i don't want any one-word answers.. i need details.
Well some say this or something like it, but then they go ahead and do it anyway.
why else would more than one girl use that as an excuse?
Once or twice a week would be nice I think.
let him see the true you.
u should go to a mental hospital first to be able to answer that question...
If she still gets mad GET RID OF HER.
how could you not have both?
Dang...My first reaction is to tell you to run like hell b/c people on the internet can be nuts!
i would think one that is very desperate.
Go ahead with your life, don't bother him.
The are times i dont feel like making luv.
all u have to do is find the irl they think he raped and ask her
96% of all men have at least cheated once!
WHY DO U MAKE ME SEEM TO BE SO BAD.
A decent guy expects nothin but love.. Make him yours by just showin u care for him.
Hell yeah it hurts the first time, when you are the woman anyways...but after that, it is great!
you're probably just looking in the wrong spots... but yeah, eventually you'll find your special sumone...
it will be hard, but if you dont do it.
But don't let him think you don't like him.
wow....a guy in need of help huh?
so go ahead wit yo self and do ur thang.
on the cheek or on the back of my neck.
You sound like a caring and sensitive person that does not deserve such BS
And then obviously: go to a bar with a friend and see if any guys hit on you.
probably not at first, then it depends on what type of person you are
He said to leave him alone and you are not.
:-) they are sweet romantic spots.
question: how far is her place from u?
May I throw my hat in the ring?
(your treat of course and of her choice) and take it from there
i was but i just found out that hes a hoe.
eah i guess if they do it at home but not at chruchnot with every body there
she can use it to cover.
you could try a marriage counciler
I expect nothing and hope for something really nice!
not even us girls know....hahahahah  its hopeless!
seeing a good marriage adviser is great idea
but if u can't control it, confront them all.
ask yourself why u dont want him to
So we can just go crazy??
If you pick Myles then you should want him enough to tell Ryan to get a life.
THEN LEAVE HIM ONE AS YOU GO OUT THE DOOR.
i hope that answers ur question.
(haha..ur getting advice from a 15 yer old =P)
a lady who is not into just one thing, but opens her mind and body to both.
They're out there, those good girls, you just have to look hard.
nope,, everything that is too much is bad !
I will just say right off the bat...
She expressed interest, I said, thanks but I like WOMEN.
but better dont have to much hopes, in this things of love its always women get hurt!
thats kinda weird, dont ya think?
If he cheated once odds are he will again.
Now that I saw it and asked about it, he said he was just looking for new friends.
Well i cant give u that much advise b/c im the same way!
maybe because he's still hiting it on the side.
His little sister said she'd spit in my baby's face
if no, I'm not for you
IF so then NO...if it is then possibly so.
The fact that is is dating you and she is your best friend makes it really bad.
no she is a slut and not worth dateing anymore
HOW AM I TO BELIVE YOU.
Because she has a history with your guy!
in my opinion once a cheat alwasy a cheat i would leave him alone!
dont know i met my wife on the internet
or does it feel different to you.
Be yourself Be nice Be a Good boy!
YOU SAY YOU LIKE THIS OTHER GUY, BUT I'M SURE YOU LOVE YOUR HUSBAND.
And i have worked very hard for the place i have and the things i have.
I've seen some beautiful girls, yes, but so too have I seen some nasty stuff.
i would move on, but keep in contact with him as friend
Lois, being a guy, I actually ran inot this situation once.
And why cant they stick to just one woman
Just go ahead and talk to her.
What.. Did you just go see brokeback mountain?
same thing happens to me just be cool and pretend you hate him (no effence)
dont get me wrong-am not in the habit 4 casual affairs!
if you both broke up because of differences .
stay away, there are better ways
Or maybe because you are just getting more mature and realize that marriage isn't only about sex.
what if i didnt want u to do something u really wanted to do?
But really it's just where society's at right now.
Other way around, it's really complicated, if you know what I mean.
unless their friend is understandingthey shoulden't.
A bad 80's outfit with big hair and lots of pink neon
when  was 15 and  would hate t
no, if she loves you and choose to be with you, then you have nothing to worry about.
I'am newly out of a 19 yr marriage myself.
not to give photo id and yes i think its enough
Some women may not want it everyday, but maybe once or twice a week.
Try yahoo people search, I got some useful information there.
no, but he does have crushes on certain celebs.
how old are u, get back to me, ejy1@sbcglobal.net
It means that they did not care about your feelings and just cared about their own.
i will ask for help when i need it.
Maybe hint in at first as to not scare her..lol Have fun!
:) The Americans have some hot competition...
Guess I always think of that saying: Do good and you'll find good
i'm in tx so the laws are different, but u can find it thru a search online.
is it real that girls like gifts all the time from their boyfriends ??
If you really love him, then try again.
i dont expect much just some one on one time together
maybe- who knows?- you might fall in love with her too :)
I WANT TO DO THIS EVERY TIME.
Definantly an alright girl who is loyal.
If he's not that is sick and wrong.
Be happy that u dont have bf..live freely and enjoy life
plus they dont hit on me!
You can also do some secret admirer stuff, thats if u really really like her.
Gotta go, this turned me on!
a day...i used to go 4-5 times a day, but now adays once and be careful
if you choke smile but don't get embarassed and say theres a chip stuck in my throat, just playing.
do not date at work unless you dont care about your job.
be the best man in her world
Is he actually dating her or just checking her out alot?
Did him and ur friend go out?
)ask him that then  email me at oliviastarrjordan2@yahoo.com
How woudl you feel if one of your guy friends tried to turn you gay>
Mysterious...lol..I don't really know.. sounded good..
So its possible if u have passion for good and positiveness through ur living...
There's this guy i like and he's really hot!
But if its with your pet Gerbel then you just might be gay !
I find him Not My Type of Guy.
Some hot guys can be nice yah no.
I walked funny the next day.
ok.   im indian, and i wear sarees.
if you just started talking to someone, and just met them what would be a good first date?
go on before another      gets the same idea!
At least she would know, That dude like me!
People don't like him because they think he a wierd.
You could get pregnant, get an STD.
becouse they are straight and like females
Maybe you dont want one, u just dont know it.
but this never happen to me again
my family one mom one dad I had 2 sisters and a brother.
drop hints and let some one else out you and just admitt to it when they ask.
It sounds like you care about the looks first and the inside of a guy second.
...just some things to think about
Hooters is a ripoff...i'm not paying $25 for a burger and beer ever again!
NONE  i've meen ther 3 times,  It gave me the oppertunity to meet the  handsome husband I have now.
you better play video game with her draw things and go to movie.
No way ,because he an idiot.
well i think it usually starts with hi.lol
I say go with your heart, if you love her then try.
and don't forget that valentine's day is coming up.
the one you love, for certain.
engagement then after 1yr 1 mo.
and wont get a divorce or smoke or drink or whatever.
he loves her but dont find her attractive
be proud it is a great thing to wait for mr. right don't rush things.
i LOVE horses so i whould be REALLY happy if you asked me about them!
It's only dirty if you want it to be.
then i'd boot his sorry butt out the door.
But don't expect her to say oooh baby, I think you're so HOT.
im looking for the right one.
PLEASE BE CAREFUL ON THE INTERNET ABOUT MEETING PEOPLE.
Talk it over with the wife too.
hhmm..i didnt relize I was attracted to bouncers....
And even though your reasons are bad ones...look what happened.
i really use both but i need some advise plz!
sweetie just stay friends with him
(OLD CLICHE) THERE ARE MANY FISH IN THE SEA..IT IS TRUE...I HAVE LEARNED THIS AND YOU WILL.
Actually, why don't you find out for yourself... not with YOURSELF, PLS.
Don't worry, they'll grab you soon ...
Girls don't do it just to blow a guy off.
no one can every have too many best friends just too many obsessions
I dont think it is it happens more than u think.
especially when he has someone that is good to him.
football players, and the rest of the jocks.
If he gives you any B.S.
she'll have to learn not all guys r gonna b perfect for her.
And once you become a hot girl in a few years.
think about these questions and i bet the answere will come to you
love is nothing its only infacation
she has blond hair,really pretty alot o guys like her but she lives in WV......wth/me!my bff
do guys all ways have to be taller then the girl.
well i personally love for my man to have a goatee.
And to get to hold her hand.
Have you asked him if he is seeing someone else?
not only could they help but they can also buy you some Ben &Jerry's icecream!
friends r the key 2 every gurl, trust me.
MEN LIKE YOU GIVE GOOD MEN A BAD NAME.
a lost, young whore...where the hell are your parents???!!
I don't see anything wrong with it at all.
he is your brother why would you think otherwise about him unless you're sick.
!i mean they are rare.....like an endangered species.
by doing just what he wants...i guess i can't please him!
whatever has meaning to her, or just pamper her on the 14th.
YOU ARE PERFECTLY NORMAL GIRL, THAT'S THE WAY IT'S SUPPOSSED TO GO.
I WANT SOME ONE ELSE'S OPINION.
and i bet you feel like i do, all confused and frustrated.
actually, you sound like exactly the type of guy i am looking for.
why in the hell would you want your friends ex and youalready know whats going to happen.
That doesn't mean I'm out to marry 'em.
well ya, how do u think people start to talk to each other.
If you want a Hickey removed...don't get one in the first place!
Has a few issues it seems, maybe paranoya is the biggest...move on..he's not the one
YOU LIKE HIM, OR YOU LIKE THAT HE PAYS ATTENTION TO YOU?
sit down and make up a list on paper what you are looking for.
is that what u can alone think of ?
if you dont liek him hes not the one!
HELL YEAH GO OUT WITH HIS FRIEND IF YOU LIKE HIM
Some say..If you lust after a peron... you already slept with then in your heart/mind.
in person would be appropiate but if things are going to get ugly the phone is a better option
If she knows your a virgin, she may want to lead!
OTHERWISE YOU TAKE A CHANCE ON GETTING WHAT YOU DONT REALLY WANT.
I really like but I just can't find the words to ask her out.
Take your time, have fun, and EXPLORE!
i have 4 brothers and no sisters.
Once you meet the girl of your dreams.
You should flirt with one his friends and he would get mad.If not act like you don't care.
im sure you wont have a problem if all you say is true.
Dont, suggest all going back to yours for a group sex session!
so you have to consider what kind of a mate you would be.
Love is better than lust, right??
i think we are counterparts of the one another.
Not cheating unless you actually act on it.
If he respected you in the first place, he wouldn't have done it anyway.
it would be like a regresion in my growth.
I guess that's why there aren't that many redheads.
yes u shouldint let someone git hert like that.
a girl did that to me and i fell into her trap, even though she is far from perfect....
in some case if she doesn't ask u... just wait.if not it's ok.
Not you and all your stupid questions!
is it smaller than your middle finger...
you have to really dig yourself out of a hole.
but it all happen when he/she confused whethr he loves u or not.
if you aint seen him for 16 days surely thaty tells you something!!
Got a girlfriend... then wait 1 month and become monogomous and check her checked first
If he likes you then start hanging out with him.
SORRY (OLD LADY WHO WILL DIE WITH CATS)(LOL)
take her/him to the beach n have a picnic w/ them.
Oh ya I'm 24 and he's 18 :-)
ive heard a boy-toy or just called a lover.
but he was so nice to me!
Im going to say NO because what else have you got....
But i dont know much about it, my bf is muslim (turkish) and i'm pagan.
u know how can u be sure he doesn't want that girl.
i cant believe you are so hypercritical!!!!
OPEN YOUR EYES GIRL YOU HAVE A FUTURE GO WHERE EVER YOU HAVE TO YOU'LL FIND SOME ONE BETTER
i told them that they needed to get their head examined.
2.But ur guy gets the chemistry here...He acts as if stilllll your best friend ...!!
ONLY you can decide that...  Do you care?
well, if you ever need anything let me know.
You know what we all want !
That kills the mood and you have to stop and start all over again.
Well that's pretty tough...Well be her friend you know talk to and stuff.
Don't try to impress her with money or looks.
that and a few other things too
it depends on what kingd of cheating
4chan.com's /b/ is pretty gay..some times
Listen Kid, you're just a freak.
Have you guys met face to face?
Do you mean like a pen pal.
My ex and I are friends.
They become all you think about.......  4.
Don't want to much to fast !
Then just chill alittle to give both of you time!
id take one that size anyday!!
Mentally - stop asking strangers and ask HER!!
Don't rush things...life really goes by fast.
And dont feel bad about it, he has problems.
if so please contact me asap!!!
i think iam always going to have a thing for him
chacha77 is right, if he's too smooth he's probably a player
in a picture then ask if she will just take her bra off.
I think it should be the guy but then again I'm pretty shy.
if you feel happy not giddy follow your heart but be up front and tell jhim ur feelings also
why dont you just visit her at home, bring her food, DVDs or anything she likes...
just tell him it would be great to have a 3 some
There used to be LOTS of good girls out there...until the bad boys turned them around.
what is a fiance of 2 kids?
i was on the shot, and got pregnant with my third, pullout or use a condom.
things aren't looking up for you.
I am, it sounds like ur a nice person who would really care about someone!
IF you really love her yes.
your looking to hard....let love come to you
the love with the other person just hits you and sticks.
ASK YOUR FRIENDS IF THEY KNOW SOMEONE THAT HAS YOUR TRAITS AND QUALITIES.
Ask him what's wrong or what are you thinking about or do you think we'll ever get married etc.
If he's not cheating he's doing something bad.
Sometimes it's just not about you...It's about him and you certainly can't control him.
You just have to be careful because their are some frauds online.
men: write their name in the snow.
so no im not embarrassed to admit it
put yo self out there man!
have fun you are too young to be stuck with someone that doesn't like you!!!!!
cuz it aint no joy for an uptown boy who`s teacher just told him good bye
or you could just flat out tell him that you like his bestfriend.
Work your way up from there.
seriously, if a girl said that to me, i would know she meant business.
plz plz plz anwser me baq thank you
Eh, blanks are just wasted anyways.
make it casual mayb that way u won't be so nervous.
Guys want girls who will make them feel like a man.
WHICH WOULD MAKE HIM FEEL TRAP, AND RUN AWAY.
I'm really sorry and I love u soo much
then you don't worry about but if he doesn't like you then get on.
and you'll always have a date to lilith fair
If she says no, ask her what movies she likes.
was a very bad boy but am now reformed.
An girl that is loyal because I don't want some dumb girl that looks hot!
flirt with him too maybe invite him over to your house
Because in the back of every man's head is a dream...a glorious dream!
Although, this does not mean that those pretty blue eyes will ever cheat on you again.
but if she is cool about it, it's nice if she approches.
I mean, wierder things have happened.
Ask her about her goals, and talk about you too
Pretend u r staight and ask him if he has a girlfriend
If they ask you to move on.
i would have it evryday with my ex husband
I'm not saying it's not worth trying, I just think it's something to keep in mind.
Isn't she your girlfriend cause she already likes who you are?
Cuz my friend dumped her bf thinkin he was cheatin on her and he wasnt so FOLLOW YOUR HEART!
!at least you are a hill billy you are not supose to think about him that way
because i mean i reLLY don't know
If he cheated once on you, he will cheat again.
but really if were up to me i wouldnt need sex ever again and still be happy with her.
and when you tell him dont be surprised if he asks can he experience it.
How is it that you even know that word at age 11????
Don't say things like, 'lets stay friends....' because you really don't want to.
Dude, after that blind side, DO YOU REALLY want to fix things?
And good luck with your surgery!
once a cheater, always a cheater.
Otherwise, 2 things:  1) Go gay  2) One word: prostitute
how about all yall come to class one day wearing saris?
i was married 2 days before we did anything
when u will have 5 babies frm ur ex bfs
too late, idiots like you already can't respect women.
what shall i do in this case ??
Firstly, not all women are like this.
yes they are, and let them be like that, boys dont need to change hahaha
yes you should and tell him that you two made a mistake kissing.
He still promise me a good massage though.
tell her what you think mabey she'll change her mind!
he smells like perfume thats not urs
why not have many friends that are girls.
if that's what your after, then knock yourself out.
If you are dating a guy that a lot of girls like then the chances of them cheating increases.
Like they say, you dont knwo what you got till it's gone.. goodluck =)
yeah sur as long as ur not good of friends
yeah sure some people wait till the right person
eyes ...they say it all .. use them ... :)
Not the typical flowers and candy.
We fuss and argue a lot over stupid things mostly..some really important tho.
or if she's carrying somethin.. ask her if she needs help.
Then just start taking off her clothes!
)food...want to go eat (at a nice resteraunt) with me friday night?
Don't get all hung up on your size.
A GOOD GUIDE LINE OF RULES MUST BE IN PLACE TO MAKE SURE NO PARTNER STEPS ACROSS THE LINE.
I'VE KNOWn HIM 6 MONTHS I LOVE BEING WITH HIM I AM SO IN LOVE WITH HIM (but) ...
it means he's an ass and he digs yer friend.
you can't make a girl do anything.
It feels weird though but yah.
Women pick up on subtle hints better than men, I think.
somtimes romors are true but somtimes they arnt.
im currently dating a man who's going to be a pastor too.
some time i find my self liking a guy for reasons i don't know.
try club love in D.C...and do what u gotta do man, ur liek what...30?
DON'T EVER SETTLE FOR SECOND BEST!!!!
She likes to talk to him alot!
If you can cheat on guy #1, why not on guy #2?
Tell your brother to HOOK you up girl shoooot!
but i woudn't worry too much about it'll happen when it's right.
coz they r confident with there self they dnt care about there weakneses.
I mean, well, if you're a good guy, maybe I'll marry you (just kidding).
One thing I suggest is just don't bring it up.
cuz thy jus wanna show off there body... and thy wanna look better than other guys!
they are the best comfort when you have nobody to spend it with!
back and forth and so on .
and you maybe thought a quick fix band-aid like marriage would be the glue/ to keep you guys togethter.
Since i was 16, alot of gay guys tried picking up on me.
he should go with the loyal girl...looks fade loyalty will always last...
if i sa u in real life, i probably would think u where cute 2!
You be romantic, if he likes it he will respond ;-)
what kinda car are you driving?
yeah pictures or something like that works .
Don't let one fool keep you down.
what would a girl in 8-9th grade want from a guy in the same grade?
ASK HIM IF HE CHEATED ON YOU!
Thats not to say I have slept around alot but I have been married 3x.
good for you, did you just learn your number?
But here's the weird part...she NEVER turns me down.
Of course I would, why not?
one more thing what state are you in seeya
if you miss him when he's not around you then you like him.
so just get a gun, aVibrator and a well paying job and u wont need a boyfriend!
that doesn't mean that i wouldn't be friends with them.
Fool me once, same on you; fool me twice, shame on me.
my problem is i don't have a big penus( about 5in erected).. and i only last about 4-6 min.
None of my other friends (including me) thinks he's that great, especially since that boy gets in trouble...lots!
2nd dont be a brute if this happens
If he keeps lying, then he must not care for you all that much.
I'll love to have two husbands...who joins me????
u sure will get screwed for asking this question by the yahoo answers team... Anyways.. how old are you?
Its totally out there, you just gotta go find it!
I think getting married on the beach at sunset is more romantic, but that is just me.
I don't think 18 is too young.
Jealousy sucks and it eats away u inside trust me i know and it is'nt fun.
there is nothing wrong in dating blacks, asians,whatsoever.
i dont know about you guys but i cried when i read what yahooguru wrote!!!
how can i get back in the dating game and trust and love agian.
I don't mean to sound mean - But are you sure you REALLY LOVE HIM?
girls   boys know what lust is but not love
From the male viewpoint...women, finances, women, cars, women, work, women...oh, did I fail to mention...WOMEN?
women want both cause it feels good
no because i don't belive in that at all it is just based upon the stars!
tell him maybe he likes you.
No no no no.. Never go backwards.
no dont avoid her coz of ur pride.
So just buck up and say it.
by giving her a gift which you prefer: choose one & why?
You never want to look back on your life and say Oh!
ask him why and if he doesnt know than forget him
unless your 12 of course ;).
it is a challenage to a another female to get something she cant have.
that's the most used excuse i have ever heard in my entire dating life.
be adveture PLUS he'll love it!!
Sex 101: Women need romance, men need sex.
(at least that is how my life has gone)
dont put that on the net
), about issues that lead to marital failure.
Guys have just the same problem and he might be too scared to ask you.
if she feels comfortable calling him daddy then u should let her do it...  maybe they have a bond...
it kinda sounds like maybe he's not that into you anymore?
then maybe you should hear them out.
ask me after 10 years .... maybe i'll have the answer .. oh poor I am
In short, Tell yourself your are worth more and LISTEN to yourself say it!
I hope one day I can have them here with me :)
Can you please give me a list of things waht to talk about.
Sometimes you just have to say something shocking to get his attention like Oh yeah?
at the end of the period?
trust is the number one thing that makes a relationship like that tick, no matter how much youlove him.
Probably did, so you didnt wait for the paper (marriage license) then, no different.
yeah im all bout equal opportunity   if yur hot then yur hot thats all there is to it
this thime it is really over.
most girls do by time there 25 to 30. blokes never do tho , if there that way inclined.lol
well first off ya aint gonna find a good one on the internet!
HOMOSEXUALITY!...well i think it is anyway.
but if you can't, then you know you really have found the one.
plus it gives parents a chance to meet you.
Just catch her eye and smile.
They always want what they can't have.
if e doesn't wanna tell don pressure im.
i can undersatnd why u feel so......i myself hav felt so very often.
dont worry me and my friend feel the same way about this other girl!!
whenever we are together, i always end up hitting him you know play fighing, its what highschoolers do.
it would also help if it looked nice as its served.
I always used to get in trouble for things but my brother would not.
She probably doesn't want to talk, or maybe she's shy...
you would probably have alot of fun sharing that experience together.
I'm wondering why do you care if he breaks up with her?
Try to get on with life.
ppl these days are just ya know.
a wonderful relationship with the one you like, and later you could love entirely.
GUYS UNDER THE AGE OF 27 WILL TEND TO CHEAT ON WOMEN.
Im sick of living with no money In this shitty apt.
if all fails go to a strip club!!
what girls can do to make u fall for her?
about the freindship u hav to make him realise that we are just friends.
he doesnt call me anymore he just comes over then hes gone the in the morning
MY WONDERFUL PESONALITY , AND OF COURSE MY GETTO ASS.
Not fun....I felt bad for her kids too.
cuz they are assholes and they dont deserve u
I had a lunch date with a beautiful woman once, but mostly she just led me on--does that count?
a nagging woman is a man's worst dream.
you could become a club referee (soccer) but you need to tale a class.
dont be fooled just because he said he he loves you.
you have to do what your heart tells you to do.
do stuff like you would do when you first meet.
Or put on some of your favorite music and do karaoke!
to give you money I guess  and for you to pick on them it seems
ask him if ur beautiful, sexy,or hott.
The worst she'll do is say no, but you gotta try.
If you make her laugh your in.
But five years though....WELL, it's hard telling.
you can't make her do anything.
They never work and make you look like an idiot.
ok I am dialing your number now!
it could have been a wrong number.
maybe she is embarrassed and feels weird just try to talk to her
I am one of those whose husband cheated!
tell his other girlfriend what he said and see what happens.
But him and I are still great friends.
Gial no because if he really love u he would not called off the wedding the nite before:(
I'm 15 years old, I'm just looking for some nice guys to talk to.
If you hide it might get worse!
nice try no one is gona call ur fake number tho  but thx for the 2 points!!
Just tell u your friend that you miss her.
... well shes either testing u or rejecting u. did u do anything, bad lately?
typing my answer at the same time taking a call...
Most men hate shoppping they especially hate going with shop-happy women.
you should get one, because you sound like you have nothing better to do!
so whats your stationary # L7 a.k.a Sq.
Some good answers here...Vanessa's was great!
pick one obviously,(or you could date one in secrecy away from the other)
You will eat LOTS of pizza and ice cream.... and then you WILL get over it.
okay well good luck on figuring him out!
If you're going to take a bath ~ take a bath!
Best of luck to you both!
I never asked him for money, I even pay him rent.
think of all the irritating things that he used to do.
I did 4800 Miles and I am Divorce now.
He came back down..and he wants me back!!
That's just the way I see it now.
Wake up its either u meant to get his attention or i don't know.
i messed up and messed with my ex and now i really regret it.
i dont know what sms means
I had no idea WTF this question was about...
being in love with a married man never gets easier or less complicated.
SOONER OR LATER YOU WILL FIND OUT.
and i am not being mean .....i just would like to know here some storys!!!!!!
DON'T cheat on him, two wrongs never ever make a right.
In (first) Adam (in them: Gen 5) all die.
Um, let me see here,  oh, he beats you.
he must do his husband obligation.. so please gimme some suggestion on what we must do
He never said a word and walked away.... Now, I miss him...
Will he or will he not come back to me?
but should i tell her i like him?
its risky if u get it from ur gf.
Even if you don't agree with them.
I bet they are bed rooom eyes.
what do you mean, you feel you're a girl?
yes... happened to my gf too about 6 months later the treatment...
I should have did/ said this- no REGRETS!
But if you try to be a good friend, you can have so many great people around you!!!!
It sounds like you are a Christian.
WHEN YOU ARE IN LOVE YOU WILL PUT THAT PERSON'S NEEDS BEFORE YOUR OWN.
start making out with as many guys as you can.
i dont think that is a smart idea.
Dear do not worry be trusted in god.
And if you arn't then it should be easy becaue you don't know her!
take it bac old skool on her and write a letter
By the way hubby and I have 3 kids and have been married almost 9 yrs...this time.
yea... hes not worth your time n love if he doesnt care about u
3) He stood me up for our new year date (Clue, he was with his Ex!)
glad you ended it, but make no mistake.
you'll learn a lot about that person and yourself.
THATS NOT RIGHT JUST BEING WITH BOTH OF THEM IS ALREADY HURTING THEIR FEELINGS.
yeah seriously, tell some one, aka ur parents, a teacher, clergy member, anyone u can trust that will help.
I really liked this guy, he's smart, sexy, and really nice.
Cuz they can't compete with that
i dont want support, i want a really good reason cause i've think i've diproven them all.
Plus send her a BIG FAT check.And that is with out her knowing itwas you who sent it.
What a jerk - and the girlfriend is a bitch.
Like a loaded visa so she could buy her and her kids cloth toys and ect.
or just wait for her to remember me??
thats ur job to do that.
I tried calling but your line was busy!!!
;)  AND most importantly when you don't have to ask you KNOW.
Did you get a friend to tell her?
LUST IS WHEN YOU SAY YOU'RE IN LOVE WHEN YOU JUST MET SOMEONE.
i think but for introduce ur self by them.
Biggest joke played on man - size doesn't matter.
god luck, i hope shes ok.
i remember saying something about putting her up for adoption, because of what my dad said in real life.
guys may insult you and some girls may not want to date you.
sneek out and still see him
if a guy respect his partner enough i s'pose it depends on the guy.
yours cause gay guys are gross.
is this a kind of fantasy for him?
just ask her some girls are to nice to say no
get to know her better and dont do it just to do it.
Don't ruin it by going back.
then you will be in control.
no, you must settle...but not always for less.
post naked pics on a 360 page.
but if you dont think you can wait cut her lose.
So what is she *hurt* over?
Now, this guy told her he couldn't go around wid her.
be mature dont be scared and go for goal!
be yourself and they will come
First you look around to see what type of guys your interested in.
Should I Just try to be friends for now?
let da situation take its course ba...
Hook her up with one of your guy friends she does not know.
Don't worry about his issues, don't have sex with him and go out with other friends.
just be yourself and don't sweat it.
Dont worry, things will get better.
so guys look for in a girl and girls also to guys.
I worked on my own issues first.
I WOULD GIVE HIM THE WORLD IF I COULD!
But girl, you should move on.
But you don't need a mate.
Guys like confidence, not girls who don't think for themselves.
yes we are all different and unique so why talk about it unless it is a big issue.
Take a deep breath and introduce yourself or just say hi!
A hot girl or at least take homeable....
Otherwise have her use a friends phone.
DON'T HOLD YOUR LIFE BACK WAITING ON HIM TO GET BETTER.
And guys will follow you arround.
She can't find a nice man for herself?
You know mom to son, dad to daughter.
Also very important DONT LISTEN TO ANYONE ELSE'S SUGGESTIONS; THIS IS YOUR LIFE.
they want what they can not have
Just come out and say it.
look, life is too short to wait him until he decide to come to u!
typically, your momma knows what she's talking about.
everything depends on you honey and whats inside youre mind and how you deal with this.
for you even to think on it,makes you pathetic,you said it your self,move along girlfriend.
not for nothing, but how do you know you're not gay?
move on a true friend will be happy with your choices it sounds like he can't let you go
ease up on here though, she's just a kid.
that is so silly to even think it.
absolutely that would be the best ever
and it was my boyfriend's baby.
they are extremely realistic...so much, that i have no clue it was a dream until i wake up.
see how much he loves you.
This is so weird considering I see him like everyday and now i have not spoken with him.
Get over it and just move on.
!gurl now thats really a big sign from what i hear.
its what u are feeling right now
asin your favorite moment in intercourse
At 20, no........at 30, maybe....at 40 why not..........at 50 yes...........at 60 Hell yes.
but if it really is love its really hott!!
im not really sure how old u or yur parents are.
before you leave him find another guy.
probly u did somethimg bad to them.
She's got some buggy eyes and guys still think she's hot.
e mail them to ask them
Because it's not as much fun!
theres one simple answer to this quesion ....he likes you
how gives a crap thanks for the 2 points
If he's into porn, how's your sex life?
he may be cute but if hes an ass hole than i don't want to talk to him!
TAKE IT SLOW, BUT MAKE SURE HE IS READY.
So what if he goes back?
you dont have to give somtheing fancy just be creative
If he's into porn, how's your sex life?
he may be cute but if hes an ass hole than i don't want to talk to him!
TAKE IT SLOW, BUT MAKE SURE HE IS READY.
So what if he goes back?
you dont have to give somtheing fancy just be creative
yeah i have two wonderful children.
what is love and who is to say that there is not love.
about 15 years before men do
don't you think she's always waiting for you to ask her to be your girlfriend?
BE HONSET WITH YOU  HELP U OUT WITH PROBLEMS  AND WANT TELL ONE OF YOUR DEEPEST SECRETS
i definatly agree with icee and im a guy to
i'm 17, i will be 18 in 2 months.
well you find a friend and you develop a frindship and that stays 4 ever
i'm still hoping & optimistic that there is... its never 2 late, right?
no point in just dragging a relation just for the heck of it......
And he blew it big time.
All I can say is WTF?
BECAUSE MARRY DIVORSE NO GO NOT SHOULD.
I want a girlfriend and i am not scared of that, but u see, wanting isn't everything.
i can't feed him all time.
You don't believe you deserve better, but you do!
so in the end i got the raw end of the rope.
Prefer if Men answer - truthfully!
And I doubt that anyone else in here have either...
Ya can't mix and match them.
do you miss him when hes gone.
but eventually you should move on.
The question here, is not if you love your man.
Give it some time... they ussually start to come around once they get used to u being around.
I can forgive all his things coz I can't forget him ... ...
Hey hun, Be careful with other peoples hearts.
my babygirl is 1 and she calles my boyfriend daddy.
try joining a drag queen show lots of them not gay just like entertaining
or not having it at all!
You could ask him if he woud consider going out on a real date with you...
Don't try changing for some guy.
You can't let a guy use you like that.
asxk the woman to be your freind don't ask her out that is just sick
Good Luck, I hope it's been everything you hoped for!
Absolutely not... would you want someone that you loved to dump you just because of your hight or age?
Do you mean S & M?
Ok...here's the whole picture in short.
IF YOU HAVE MONEY I WILL BE YOUR FRIEND.
i dated 2 women once, for a year, i wouldn't do that again.
it wont and dont work like that.
Girls who are hot and know it.
Don't let your hotness heat up your brain and attitude.
am i too young to be getting married?
no beacuz i did that and its better to say it now than say it later then regret it
Wow, it sounds like she doesn't have too much trust.
If you didn't mean to full in love with him then y r u looking for his attention.
If you are lucky, you will only get married once!!
It kinda makes the kids realize how maybe their own parents aren't that bad.
act like your interested in what shes talking about.
is she nice and like to have fun.
it's kind of happening right now....
you shouldn't be asking this question to a bunch of strangers.
It takes lots and lots of time.
Is he so lazy that he cannot pick up the phone.
They shouldn't be taken lightyly (NO EXCUSES!)
if you choose to go, don't go alone you have to be very carefull these days....good luck
if you love him so much, talk to him instead of asking the internet.
just get a life... you can at least give away something that LOOKS legit...
:-)  I think it's just how sex in marriage is supposed to be.
heres a crazy idea try YAHOO
just call her and see what is going all.
get a guy friend 2 ask him and if he does go out with him
i have been divorced for 8 years now.
It just takes time before u realise u have found true love.
honestly what you should do is exactly what you did.
when you are not doing your job and just sitting around thinkning of girls....
and do wut you think is right
If u wanna discuss it more deep then chat with me on yahoo pickut2001@yahoo.com  seeya'roun;-D
Jus be yourself and ur ok u'll get attention out of that
i think we all have our perfect someone out there.
love is the most amazing thing you will never see, only feel...
HOW OLD ARE YOU?, I CAN GIVE YOU AN IDEA, BUT I MUST KNOW YOUR AGE.
He's always angry and yelling at me...so, I want to get as far away from him as possible.
If that doesn't work try to inore her but most of the time that doesn't work.
I don't know what to do...
I met a married guy and then I met his wife and daughter.
Don't chase him, make him chase you.....
her real father dont come around, ownly when he want 2 and he dont do anything for her.
4RM MY POINT OF VIEW NOTHIN IS WRONG W/ BEIN GAY/LESBIAN.
that depends on u  was the sex good and r u now currently with someone else
Nope, you won't buy also a car, you didn't drive before !
coz mysterious thing have a lot of Chalenge & Trill !!
umm....can i have your number..id like to call you sometime.
it sure does seem that way!
Tell your freind to get lost!!!
Then the date of marriage don't worry.
Oh come on, Mrs. Howell is where it's at!
tell him 2 leave u alone!!!
Don't hide the woman you love.
if you accually look like the avitar no.
I know I would have to be in love with a girl for that.
Do have sex with her asap.
verry normal verry girls like gurly girl are like that so you are normal (d)
FRIEND OR NOT, THEY WILL BETRAY YOU AT SOME POINT.
get creative with out hurting her feeings...and never tell her what your getting!
But if u really like this then i think that u should ask him out.
haha i like these other answers!
Like I said, get over it and just move on.
I dont know what ur saying
im not selling myself on here but i was just curious about this question.
my kids are just like any other kids out there.
Why, cuz it was a quick and easy answer and I didn't have to think.
Yea it's hard I KNOW BELIEVE ME.
girls of course girls are the first people to find a guy they like
see if they will befriend u and help u learn nu things.
If my wife is even slightly jealous of a female, I love it.
If you know he likes sports, talk about that.. if you know he likes music, talk about that...etc.
go to the supermarket and see what items a guy has in his cart.
if you look like your avatar,yes(I'm 14)
WELL WHAT I THINK U SHOULD DO IS JUST LEAVE HER ALONE ALL THE WAY.
a special meeting wth a friend hoping to get married in future
YOU NOR YOUR KIDS NEED THAT CRAP IN YA'LL'S LIFE.
i'm not married yet but i do think that handling one wife would be tough enough already...
Or if you just don't like her anymore, then you should feel no remorse for dumping her.
Get that list of things that would make him happy and do them.
yes,, he just wants to getinto your panties
Get to know the person and NEVER hurry!
what do u do when u like 2 guys?
LOL.....sounds like hubby better wake up.
What happens should you & he break up?
you can still be friends, but don't push it.
i dont think that it would be completely right but that is me.
My face, I can seduce a man with my charm : )
Some people do cheat again and some people really don't.
this is your life and your body take control and do what you want not someone else.
if u like that much ask her out
Do you know what you're worth to YOURSELF???
but be nice while saying it.
i say it's wrong when girls just expect gifts and don't wanna give..  thats just a real bitch.
i think u can find them everywhere.
do you actually hate him or was it just at that moment?
TRUST SOMEONE WHO'S BEEN THERE, IT'S NOT WORTH IT!!
because they get jelous when we have male friends,
You won't know unless you do and if they don't then you deciede to move on or not.
With some men you can't make them wait for too long once their ready.
never rush into it, its a cause for disaster
hey really think like at 15 or 16  because there teens
well an age would be better.
ask yourself and talk to her nicely, why?
Well if its been a year and you are still not happy, then yeah its time to say goodbye.
I don't see anything wrong with Will.
* If you can not stop talking about her/him to your best friend
well i dont like the phone to much cant gauge how you are responding to me.
My wife sure wouldn't let me go alone!
i love him and he says (and i know he does) he still loves me.
try and stay calm and not get irritated they will give up
even worse is the fact that he thinks its okay to do that...man u really should get someone else
yes , you'll see one day when you find the perfect persone
We tried telling her to stop, and she gets the point, but she just won' stop!
It's gotta be Ginger, She's hotter and has a better name.
well i hate to say this, but sounds like he has moved on.
And the the same letters show up on my Yahoo mail a month later?
U dont find true love in 2 days or even 2 years.
Maybe offer up some cash too.
lived in bedroom most my life best friend being a mirror and music.
it depends on how he reated when he found out u liked him.
he is either a mama's boy .
Maybe I would have waited then I would not have gotten divorced.
thier is a secret on that...........try me and you will know
Meet her in public not at her place or yours.
who cares what the family thinks he needs to love you not them!
But I never asked him if he loves me now.
When you're in love, you just know!
Try to recognise that u r in luv or u just wanna br friends.
did he ask you this in the heat of the moment?
if not than you should find someone who does.
If your not then you should move on.
either way he is definitely a idiot .
or do you mean you like girl things and act like a girl?
have  to check local law books  american indaian no
if your brother is younger that could bethe deal.
Not anymore :)  I'd say TALK.
In my family we only exchange gifts with kids!
If you even have to question in...get rid of him.
IF you truely love eachother yes wait.
Just go out and start meeting guys, there's bound to be nice guys out there.
but my advice is to go ahead and live with someone before marrying them.
They don't get to see thire daddy anymore.
its early if u get it from ur bf.
Go and do something fun with her.
maybe you need a hug and some guidance
marige is the leading cause of divorce
Only problem is once they get a guy the don't know what to do with him!
no dont do that take it slow it is a life time commetment
iam from egypt plesse icanot find any frinds can you be my frind
You gotta make her want you.
That is just they way they are.
just say hi..or send a sms.
i luv steelers and i would wear normal clothes like sweat shirts and jeans
as much as you can handle have your cake and eat to enjoy!
what happens if it's just for a one night hook up, the lean, built guy will win that one.
I love a guy who makes me laugh alot.
Just try and make it happen!
Obviously this girl is not that into you and likes the other guy more.
most do not and they do not even know it themselves that they all lie most of the time
Maybe time will just tell why...
get in the habit of doing something else... a playful dirty look, maybe.
Finally I asked him if he still loves his ex (married with kid) and he said...
wll as for me it seems that you dont trust your girl..hey!!
you don't want him knowing your street address just yet.
don't let me get you down.
looks, character, way of talking, style.
Thats how big girls look to me and most men that don't like them.
Like maybe no one understands what's it's like for you?
It's a big world out there and it's waiting for you to jump back in better than ever before!
wanting to get revenge IS pathetic honey...move on...
Ouch, that right there spells trouble to begin with.
Why, do her letters show up on my company e-mail every day.
If you're good enough to live with!
or go to a strip club and just have fun !!!
Tell him exclusives like, (example) I would LOVE you to hit it from the back & spank me!
no it is not to young for a kiss!
Have you tried phone sex with your girlfriend?
friends mean well,thats all i can say...
YOUR DOOMED, TELL YOUR MAMA TO COOK SOMETHING AND LET YOU HAVE IT.
because then you should talk to someone you trust and respect.
Then once he tells me that I would be like Well, would you ever see me and you together?
Hey, I'm in the same boat as you!
you guys need to communicate before you go and file papaers.
ask someone thats coool with him to ask him 4 ya
And as far as I know, you only got one chance at it to make it work.
and this is important to me because?
so we just need a break.
do you mean morally or if they do this?
will your mom get over it?
While at work, I keep my mind on my work.
Actually, I think it's men who generally go by looks.
I have no real preference on body type, i mean i like my girls decent, im human.
Aquarious, I looked it up for you
know, so that i can find the guy and break his neck
Don't try to make friends.. Then you will have the best of them.. trust me ..
don't let him freakin move in with you!!!!!!!!!!!
It is about your heart(s) and not about the Stars at the skies !!!
Look at all the child predators out there...and the undercover cops that try to bust them.
can you get them in a retirement home?
just be nice until things get better---u dont want to call it off too soon
I'm 55 and I still dream about a girl from high school.
Just be a man, step up and ask!!!
First kiss is not as serious as virginity, but it's worth finding the right guy to give it to.
But I know how hard it can be.
as long as you like the person.
Are guys self-concious about this too?
it cld just b a friend of his.
Embrace your new found freedom-you don't need that dump truck of crap!
of course it is just hope that they feal the same about you
then ud know how real tough feels like and your life will become better and without any probs !
i almost lost my friend over a guy.
the feeling of care which we have for parents, bros.; sisters and for friends....
live life.if he didn't like you so what.
its the person who makes it last.
you have sy....do you would want to take a coffe ?
if u don't believe it can last then it won't.
Just buy her something and see if u are shivering.
I've already read the book He's Just Not That Into You.
i will not give my life story and my situation is not exactly the same.
no i dont think it is i think it is for both of them
Don't worry IT IS NOT YOU!
Pls ppl...let me know what should i do to get my husband like bf.
thats a hard one to answer because the interenet is so inpersonable.
my friend  is always annoying when she doesn't try to.
PLZ HELP ME OUT...... What should I do now?
depends if you are male or female.
You don't want a guy that likes the fake you anyways.
But everytime I wanna end it, he doesn't want to.
And just WHAT the HELL are you asking?
Always with the good ole country girl.
sorry... do not have good fun over the internet.....
(insecure)  said of a person or their disposition: lacking confidence;
That's the way I see my wife.
i guess you could say he is interested in you.
To be honest none of them !!
Everybody wants to be loved really bad.
I dont think it is too young to have a kiss on the cheak.
If you love your current boyfriend that much then you already know the answer
has  he got a computer and no so computer savy?
tell him you love him and then maybe he will love you
i never be one, but i think it should be really good hearing yourself and him saying the vows.
Do what ever u want it's your life and I think it is perfect.
so good luck getting the answer to that one.
READ THAT BOOK and DO NOT call him.
because if he is it can be weird because you're in different stages of your life.
Believe me, HE WILL NOTICE THAT!
Give him time to figure it out but don't wait forever, give him a time limit!
as in you wish you were a girl?
Answering you & watching an old rerun of Jaws2!
tell him I dont love you but do it in  a nice way.
I admit, there I times I wonder what if?
Try to back off a little.
my friend is inlove with his friend, well they're both guys.
i'm a girl and as for me that's sweetiest thing a guy would do ...   :)
If it's single serve stuff, your in.
Am i in love with her/him?
TAKE THE 1ST STEP TELL THE PERSON THAT YOU LIKE THEM.
terrible excuse; leave him out to dry
I can't seem to let her go...
What I would If I were in that situation would be to spice things up a bit.
but maybe u shld dig a little deeper into the case.
One day if she is walking walk with her and talk.
is he worth fighting with your mom over?
because you look good but because you feel good.
now if the guy doesn't want u to get him something still get something.
call him  say I LOVE YOU.
Let them come over and chill out with them!
y mostly boys wants to chat with girls but girls i think they dont wanna chat with boys
Most people don't have the maturity to pick someone out for life at a young age.
absolutly nothing ,love knows no race-religon-or gender.
however, just call her up and tell her the truth (gently though): that you want your things back.
I am Bisexual and I just came out and people are treating me A LOT different.
The friends are either not as mature, or jealose of his good looks, or both.
yes i got like a billion chicks... ok only 3 this week, but next week a billion.
If you had you wouldnt have learnd anything....
yes just export or down load
Or have a stripper do it for you....
big boobs and a sarcastic attitude... it worked for me....
DUH j/k become friends with them and make them tell you what they like and then screw them
well pimpin aint easy gotta put them feelins aside and put that mac down
2 of my exhubands were abusers.
Most of those girl reckon married man have expirience, I think its crazy!!
If it's a friend who talks about sex and you sometimes like it then that's good.
hahahahhaahhaahhahahaha : )   If it smell like fish-- RUN in the other direction:>
u need a chat room with females in it so u can talk to them there.
but the money and the anger is why i am so close to leaving.
Who cares if it doesn't work out you LIVED!!!
Number one: your too young to have a boyfriend.
i love the way her eyes get when she looks at me.
wait for 5 years and see
First of all, let me say i'm glad for you bro.
(And I think girls are mostly the ones not to call back!)
no.. and if you think so you're a creap
Start bragging about having casual sex, and you'll have even more...
When you fart in the bed with him.
he.s bored liven it up a lil use your imagination
Leave her alone- if she loved you she wouldn't have put you in that situation!
So it can work if you want it to!
and she is part of a soap unless she catches him red handed....
it all on you no age is actually right unless you are married!
IF u have Plz e-mail me.
nobody has answered my question but e-mail me and i will let you know livinlifeintheoc@yahoo.com
She says 98% of the time she likes it rough but I never last long enough to get aggressive.
Yeah its called a  d i l d o/pen any thing like a stick
THE MORE MONEY YOU HAVE THE CLOSER FRIEND I WILL BE
i've seen her for 8 yrs.
Then we became together.I love him but he just likes me.
He wanted in here and Im not going anywhere.
Hes a bad boy, and kinda turns me on.
maybe your still in love wiht her.
Flirt and see if he responds.
Girls are tricks, you gotta play games to beat their games!
me and my boyfriend r thinking about getting engaged for valentines's day.
there will always be good humens with the bad ones
A lot more women then men go by heart then looks.
well, you better look for a good personality and awesome looks!
Sleping with a guy doesn't mean you love him.
let him know how u feel.
You don't want any mistakes later.
some old guy in Texas who pretends to be nineteen or something?
your just the girl he sleeps with?....No...you better show him how you feel.
why do you want to know...
if you really loved or like the person it shouldnt matter then race or color
You don't got no time to waste dude.
you don't want to hurt his ego.
And at 4 I can't say hey your daddy cheated and don't love mommy anymore.
anyhow, i apologize for being wordy.
she does not date people from work.
Diamond ring...oh yeah, got that this holiday :) Why do I prefer it?
YES SOULD BE EVEN WORSE THOUGH.
I just want someone to talk to!
But if ur X really loved you then they wouldnt have done that.
Right now, i still like him alot, and haven't gone out with anyone since the brake up.
PEOPLE WHO KNOW BOTH OF YOU WILL EVENTUALLY TELL.
some things have changed but i dont know.
write him a letter and then go on holiday alone,to give him time to think about it
first u just tell her that u r always with her.
I said yes, he moved to where I live (a looooooong way) and we got married.
if he doesn't want to talk then try a counseling.
well i donno what SMS means but i wanna meetcha
i can its just i cant trust him becuse i was used last time i said that
can never have too much sex
How would i b able to tell him if i dated sumone else with out him hating me?
yes, but i'm over the hill
Hey - if you like him, he's fair game.
get out while you can,run and dont look back.
Number two: yout too young to have a boyfriend on the internet.
To fight fairly, do the following:  1) Stick to the issue at hand.
they are only for fooling around with!
He looked sad, and walked away quietly...
try to advice him  and stay beside him
what two people feel is can not be bad.
where are those girls, could some of those send me a message on my yahoo
why'd you give your stuff to her in the first place?
write her a note with one small flower then she will know who and what your all about!!!!!!
Don't be afraid though, don't show doubt.
once a cheater always a cheater.
so if ya like girls go like girls its ur life ain't know one stopping ya.
take him out and show him different places and new ppl !
just don't get too over anxious  and be Paitient..It will pay off.
just start talking to her and get to know her more.
im in wa if u want 2 find out
lazy inconsiderate husbands... :P  the considerate helpful grooms just stayed in the wedding pictures
when i read something instead of my reading i have my mind somewhere els.
!I wanna see if he is THE BEST MATCH FOR UR BEAUTY N INTELLIGENCE!!
Hope this can give the both of you alittle help.
Now can I ask you one back?
Because you wouldn't like it if someone where doing that to you.
umm  who are you talking about?
im wonderin if the only reason my bf stays with me is because im incredible in bed?
I ASKED HIM ABOUT IT BUT HE SAID THAT HE DOESN'T HAVE ANYTHING GOING ON WITH HER.
man, you NEVER say that you're ugly.
MEN OVER THAT AGE TEND TO SETTLE ON ONE WOMEN.
TRY GOING WITH THE GUY THAT LIKES U & IF HE IS NOT THE ONE BREAK UP WITH HIM!
No more stupid hiding, or getting mad at him because you want to play hard to get.
you can't build a relationship if there is no trust.
But you should take a break and go get your GED.
I will ... even I know he is lying me or giving me a lot of pain ...
JUST TELL HIM YOU LOVE HIM!!
Yep,but they never work out for me.But I approve
is he way older than you?
Men hunt and woman nest..........keep that in mind!
when he tells u that he loves uy and he seems like he mines it
Dump him a cheatin friends not a good friend!
then it dont so if you get it back then you had to get it off some one else
JUZ KEEP SAYIN HI WHEN U SEE HER.
i dont see why people judge us..
I think some men are just not good at small talk.
yes, wait for a few more years.
you dont, let a boyfriend find you
first of all , dont confront this girl.
GODS SPIRIT EMANATING OUT OF HER!
Get to know someone before you take them to your home....LOL
Does he think he's hot stuff and you gotta put out his fire?
Eww no EFFFEnse but it is GROSS
I just wanna know is it an attraction or more to it?
carrying around your anger is such a burdon, and its really not worth it.
But if you actually go out there and talk to your crush then it's not as important.
Get a life, and look for another girl.
Just let it go, and only talk about it if he wants to (and says so).
He tries to change, I can see that...
Plan A: Try talking to him and your freind again if that doesn't work.
/ What is the real issue here?
No why did you guys break up in the first place.
u should find someone who speaks ur language and the language of the contry ur in.
Did you break up or did he?
I say it never too soon to fall in love.
only if its something you both want you have to both want it.
I need help befor I rely mess up!!
im a real playa but i dont wanna meet ya
Why would you care if there IS any?
The girls will teach u,I wouldn't wotty about it.
date of birth doesn't matter more like date with guy.
if her accept your offert is a good way, if not...forget it.
first be friends, guys fall in love with the girls who are really good friends soo often :))
well i dont know what you mean!
Whatever you do dont give up.
ME IM LATINO AND I HAVE A SEXY BODY
dont sweat it there is plenty of boys out there let your girl have him
The rest of her aint so bad either!
Did you ask him why he wanted you to hit him with a coat hanger??
I MEAN I CARE SO MUCH ABOUT THIS PERSON ITS CRAZY!!!
not if it's lust, because sex with lust loses the must important element.........
its nice if u get it from ur parents.
I agree with yall we have like 50 chicks for every guy
(People shouldn't knock it till they try it.
or that she has no f****ing idea what ur talking about.
because they are idiots.. men were put on this earth to be stupid.
Tell her if she can't trust you then you don't need that in your life anyways.
just tell him you have a bf just dont tell him who.
If he is shy he might just be afraid to ask you out.
But i'm not that lucky yet.
I cheated aand she put me out.
honestly, i'd just ask him face-to-face.
It won't hurt unless you have an issue between you two... }
have a really nice car/ its an instant EYE CATCHER!!!
I know ya'll had some yrs.
there are some place like la try there if not then try a map lol
If you love her then it's right.
just be yourself , and honest, respectfull, and u will have any friend ya want
he doesn't apologize to me about it, he's apologized to the other girl though.
Even if the wife was the one having the affair.
Why don't you try gettin' close to her a lil bit ?
Did one of her friends ask you?
if not then continue to be eye candy for the ladies.
its kind of hard because of the sterotype that surrounds musclebound men.
GOOD LUCK AND PRAY FOR US THAT HAVENT FOUND OURS(PLZ)
its never to soon to fall in love
Don't think about how hot she is.
Bottom line...suck it up and take what life throws at you.
How can I get her in the mood??
cuz I thought that was best for my child.
if 3 days later he doesnt call U CALL him, probably had appointments or something.
You should be pretty safe, but who would want to do it with you- BORING!
Wish you the best of luck, whatever you decide!
It sucks when you aren't even friends.
THAT IS A COOL POEM !!!
as a guy give him some space.
], i don't see a problem with divorce.
oh telling the women you got two stores is that suppossed to get them interested in you?
People will label you a slut.
MARRIED AT 19 HERE AND THAT WAS TOO YOUNG.
If all he's doing is chatting, then no biggie.
THERE ARE BIRDS,ANIMALS,FLOWERS, MOST PEOPLE HAVENT SEEN.SUNSETS THAT WOULD TAKE YOUR BREATH AWAY.
so i make it short and to the point.
he was waiting to see if he was going to get something if he stayed married to her.
IM SURE SOMEONE ELSE WILL ASK YOU IF NOT ASK SOMEONE ELSE.
find someone to spend the rest of your life with
Well...what if he is just as lost as you?
im tired of taking him back.
Get out before it's too late.
Loosen up and let him have it!!!
YOU DONT YOU JUST HAVE TO TRUST HER UNTIL YOU CATCH HER
Its just a gig so no.
!i have a few friends--he's tall she's short..
!beauty lies in the eyes of beholder
Also why is it that they are no longer married?
Just go up to her and be yourself.
And penis is not the only way you can satisfy woman...
yea i think its a day to show someone u love them anyone a friend a boyfriend girlfriend.
try yahoo's personals site, it's free
i have a friend who has a boyf that is horrible to her, calls her stupid too and everything.
She's a freshman-You're a junior, remember what it was like!
If you can't trust your mate, it's just not worth it.
Sorry I just dream about marrying my boyfriend a lot.
I hope someone answers this so i will know too.
sounds like you love her very much!
just ask... are you trying to be creative?
other people come and go, but you are always with yourself.
or desperate to get in your pants .
Some guys actually like big eyes.
Keep your hands in your pocket !
Tell him your not ready and you don't know when your gonna be ready.
i cant sleep when i close my ays so i just see her.
My wife is a good woman.
I just don't, and apparently she don't either.
Ask' Do u care if I call u sometime?
but dreams remind you that you do.
and if she ain't, you won't ever see your things again!
try to impress her some how- do anything that sounds good.
dump him u are not a trash can
my bro had the same prob.
I'm chatting with a guy from another country the last few days and i do wonder ?
WELLL IF YA LOVE HER THAT MUCH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
What is SO wrong about it???
good insight on this kind of thing.
If gays get married, it becomes same as normal marriage later.
What if you never get married?
sure if you want to lose your husband in future.
jUST BE REAL WITH HIM AND HE'LL COME AROUND.
and why would you want to make someone love you thats fake.
Just as if I asked you a question what is so wrong with being a Black?
when i call him on it he denys it
Listen, my dear, it's all about doing you.
u r reciving this message so wat do u think ?
there are so many ways to liven up things..do not just let it fall by the way side.
My boyfriend and I just starting dating.
do not do it keep it to email only fix what you have first
and if the girl is worth it she'll apreciate u and say yes!
choose sweet but not cute because they respekt you
call her but if you think something is going on like she doesnt like you then dump her
u have to have a lot of luck with u and be there a good time.
So my answer would be no.
Just tell her to stay out of thier way and have friends over more.
Size is a GOOD thing and you either have it or you don't.
You are a good woman or you wouldn't be worried about your marriage.
If your girlfriend is happy her mum will be happy.
And now...oh my god my sms is being read by a crazy man as well LOL
break up with her and say i didnt want to do this im very very sorry
this may not have benn wat you wanted but i tried... love MS cowgirl....
children) then what do you have to lose?
Good luck anyway whatever you decide to do!
hang out with your girlfriends, go shopping, pursue a hobby, watch TV, whatever, spend some time alone, enjoy yourself.
Men play at love to get sex, women play at sex to get love.
who's always honest listens to your problems gets along great with you has your back
Showing that picture of your good looking self is a good start!
forgive them but dont forget their names...
find a kinky chick thats down
I mean, what if she wants to treat him like her REAL husband?!!
don't waste a friendship over a stupid (or great) guy.
ya it is possible if u both love each other very much.
u cant only the person if they honest will tell u
spare me...sounds like a load of bull.
so sometimes guys will say that so the girl will have sex with him.
women do it all the time to men.
nope nope nope they all dogs
(WELL THERE ARE LOTS OF THINGS......)
there really is no answer to that question because it really depends on the girl.
sometimes they have different looks on things, sometimes they think differently.
im great actually 2day is my bday
is something that nowadays people  make a big deal out of it.
TO ME IT SEEMS LIKE SHE WANTS HER CAKE AND EAT IT TO.
every thing except doggy ...what's urs?
WOw, I didn't know there were 7 seas!!!
you are being played as a sucker.
if he really loves you,he won't even think about it for one second.
No sweetie, I'm not even considering it...  ;)
if he likes you a lot he will give everythign u want.
i would (sell)it,and make a nice profit while i could
youre never too young if you love the person youre getting married to (or if hes rich) or both.
well i hope this will help u.;)
a nice smile and a good heart .... ooops thats 2
such detailed dream can get you pregenant.
Good Men != Good + Men.
U seem to be a tranny.....
club cofee shop store u tell me
Okay, you've fallen down, it's time to get back up.
hi first loved you then suddeny got a new girlfriend.
together, good or bad, but you deserve better.
Please do not listen to that stupid answer she just gave you.
Just now I read some gay guy who wants a hummer.
Good women always find good men... (I guess u got the answer ; )
women are jealous beings...esp when it comes to their bf having female friends
If she looks at u while u're not talking.
If the two of you are into it, then yeah.
ha ha u don't u have to catch her doing something wrong behind your back!!
Why would you want to be with a guy that doesnt love you---??
then after some time, see if he's ready
You will have to ask him that!!!!
i dont think we made it out of the parking lot that night... ;)
besides once someone does truly love you.. he will come back begging anyway.
if he care he will try, i said TRY and do this
It could be lots of fun!
$100 all day long any jeweler.
if she threw you off, she obviously doesn't want a romantic relationship with you anymore.
kiss another guy in front of him
If she glares at you...forget it!
You're gonna do what you're gonna do anyways, right?
yes u should.coz fightin is not a good experience atleast for me.
(put the gun on the table and talk to him)....or..fine..just talk to him.
So many are looking for something they can't have instead of keeping the person they are with.
what a girl do for when she wants to kiss me too?
maybe , who knows, only time will tell, wait and see
guess u r trying to keep up relations with one n many.....making others insecure!!!!
My ex used to call me her Poet Lover.
Geeze, I hate it when really good looking people are so boring!
groose  kidding i meant your question
So, if he can do it so can you!
If she really cares for you, having a smaller penis will not matter.
SHOULD I GO AHEAD AND CALL CHEATERS.
Actually, I'm going to marry him.
boys just look in for girls couse they like them or they just think they r hot
ya he is right and i don't want get arested + u r too young
yes it is colour shouldnt matter
pls help me...  PS:  give me geniune replies...this is very much serious to me.
ok...First of all..stop with the suicidal shit..not gonna help you.
well i can't answer that because i have a friend i don't like either.
SO TRY TO KEEP UR MIND OFF HER AND KEEP UR SPIRITS UP.
As mentioned earlier lawsuits and begging work
But if you are gay and looking for a religion where that won't be sinning, there isn't one.
So, how does she know that you like her?
?, sorry i dont know what that is
It feels like if my mom doesn't even like me.
You are a fool for staying... not leaving.
Just imagine him being a father!
thats why you keep thinking about her.you wnat her back to how things was when ya'll got married
CLICK THE HISTORY BUTTON NEXT TO THE BUTTON THAT SAYS MEDIA
people who are not kind and selfish are very ugly
You fill out your own LONG paperwork but it's cheap (like under $200.00).
leigh's  answer ..........  to the point......
if a man called me a freak i would take that as an insult.
typing this...and eating my dinner...and you..
SHOULD I TELL HER WHAT I THINK OR MOVE ON.
getting points for anwsering this and just hanging around my house before i go into work tonight
Funny, great conversationalist, big brown eyes, great looks.
if he keeps on pushing about gettin' it on - you need to move on.
take your parents with you, if you can.
maby u 2 should go ur seperate ways for a while.
Then she came back to me sayin that she didn't want that guy anyway.
Guys shoudln't just be Oh what's the best way to get this hot girl in bed with me!
are you having problems with your wife?
But if you loved her youll never truely forget her an youll always love her.
yes i am :)  ym me :)
us women think we are going to hurt their feelings.
id love to.. hey im online on yahoo.. buz me at im_me_hotmale@yahoo.com   hope to talk to ya
You should try to hang out with him.
If she gets upset only after realizing she`s wrong, tell her to SUCK IT UP.
But that is up to you.
I live with a bunch of racist rednecks but im not racist.
or the person is just so dense.
its happened before and will happen again!!!!!
i would give him three strikes and he's outta there!
Find another one atleast for 5 years!!!!!
yes i am... hit me up with info... me69dou2@yahoo.com
I just bought one last year
Try your local Biker Bar..If your Butt Ugly you should score around closing time.......
me me me me me me
The head nurse couldn't check him in.
divorce is not a horrible thing.
THE WORST THEY CAN SAY IS NO.
Trial and error, don't come on too strong, and have fun!
If he or she truely care about u there's no reason why he or she  should cheat.
ask the married men some times the girls dont know
E-mail me so we can talk about this: wilsonfreetorhyme@yahoo.com
And you have the 411 so why not.
.. behave yourself and come on .. how can u even think abt it!
Sorry, but Mom is ALWAYS right...and it REALLY sucks to hear I told you so
Be gentle but confident and do not look scared!
She already has one child and her mother takes care of it.
Best bet:  KEEP YOUR PANTS ON UNTIL YOU GET MARRIED
I don't like big girls because they don't look good to the eye.
Then in december she broke up wid me cuz she started likin another guy.
She really will if you do that ok?
You see where I'm going here?
She will think you are a stalker.
say im not ready to make a huge commitment yet being friends is best for me right now.
yeah there really is something wrong.
leave him because he is not worth it but cause you can do better
do you always show what you have.
The only good men around r the men us women wouldnt want, like the less attractive, mor geeky ones.
I am not looking for a BF
you need to weight out your options.
If you don't like that lose weight.
in my opinion guys only like foreign girls because they think that they are more sexy
he wants you for sex and you know it.
they're all happy dreams & they're all different.
don try to show them off too much..
There are men out there who are willing to love and BE loved (I am one of them!)
4.  ooo ear lobe sucking.. every guys has his different spot, but you get the idea.
Ok I have been dating this girl for almost a year that I met in yahoo chat .
yes because your great-grand mother and his great grand mother would be sisters.
if they have their mouth open and they're male
so if you stay with him then you realize that what he wants and nothing more.
BUT FOR NOW GO ON WITH YOUR LIFE.
aww thats so sad well needless to say she was a bitch!
how can i convince him i didn't mean it?
give her red rose and kiss
Do you know what a womans 5 basic needs are?
Because I really care what they think.
If not, he's not worth your time!
i call my fiance Bubba and Baby.
but listen don't let other ppl juge and role your life.
Furthermore guys need friends just like girls need their friends.
Let him have a little bit, offer him a snack you know?
She has started TALKIN' to that guy.
Anyway, You should do what ever makes you happy.
Clearly he is not just friends with you - he is still hung up on you.
THERE ISNT A PLACE LIKE THAT NO WHERE...
let her do what she wants.
(some of these cost as little as $20).
YES EVERY SITUATION IS DIFFERENT BUT YOU HAVEN'T GROWN UP YET, SO TO SPEAK.
I'm sure it's was she's waiting for.
i just watched weekend at bernies, and now im answering yur question... wutr u doing?
Ask her out and if she says Yes, that's mean she likes u.
whats it mean and what should i do now?
I'm a good man, just not latino.
If you are the bride, its really up to you.
U always need somebody like that so u'll never feel u're not worthy.
it is not weird at all, my husband loves my toes!
I really do not know what to do.
pls dont try, get out of mine, its better that u buy a dog.
do you realize what this means?
um skool bumping into each other acciedently
thats just nasty i would never have a stanger in my house
Uh huh, you wan't someone to pay your way...right.
size does matter and movements matter
Well if you guys are close you should tell her.
Tell her what she wnats to hear.
I could please my man lol!!!
as long as the person makes u happy.
But a kiss on the lips, 7th grade is a little too young for that.
if you love her, yes, go for it.
I love her very much and I would do ANYthing for her.
I preffer all of thee above :P
or does it matter..keep in mind i would be a very good catch and a great hubby
i'd be freaked out if you were my bf.
and my boyfriend doesnt know either lol.
ok oohing and aahing aside were you wet down there  does she eat pea-nuts during sex?
my favorite color brown and blue
in making friends, first thing i know is to be nice.
Ask im, if e realy likes u e wouldn't wanna ly.
omg....... i never do it so i don't know.. lol bit i guss it's reallie sweet..
how would you feel if he did that to you.
please dont say just ask that would be to akward.
If you really have to ask that, then i think you already know the answer
So don't let things get really bad.
that does happen in many cases.many often they make ideal couples too.
go on to a female chat room
Guys can be a little NOT showy sometimes which is a male thing ;) Hope this helps.
go for fantasy, live life with no regrets
First night, first night of what?
EVEN IF IT IS WINTER AND FREEZING COLD.IT WILL BE THE MOST NERVOUS, SWEATY,PERSPIRATION FILLED DAY OF YOUR LIFE.
That you don't to share her with anyone eles.
all shades of blue and pink
of course there is, just how to do it?
not making yourself stick out like a sour thumb.
that is a disgrace to mankind, so don't even think about it!!
just tell him what you really feel for him, maybe she also into you!
What if money came up missing?
so i told him str8 up 4 him not 2 say that unless he ment it.
if he's not calling anymore & things like that.
everyone gets married on the right time in there relationship.
But some people think it's for a guy to shower the girl w. love and gifts.
4) Finally I asked him if he still loves his ex (married with kid) and he said...
But hes still da same:( I just can't leave.
should i say yes or no or what?
Although my type is a white guy but im not predjudice.
Dump him, and go do things that make you happy with other people who make you happy.
You sound like you're a kid.
whatever you do DONT use a lame pick-up line!
if you don't like to date drunk guys, dump him for whatever reason
so instead we stay in relationships we do not want.
and no animal sex is not appropriate either the same rules apply .
* Love happens when your not looking.
Girls don't like shy or weak guys!
Have the other girl tell her.
Might take some time, but it'll be worth it in the long run, if that's what your up for!
Guys are pretty much going to do what ever you'll let them.
try to go out with him and see what happens.
if there pupils are dialated then you know.
we are all hot in our own way.
At least you won't spend the rest of your life wondering about what could of been..
Three Fwd Wishes: Grace => Mercy => Peace.
Take that break and don't let him in your bed!
so don't do it to yourself.
If you think that two women being together is sick, then why ever answer the question????
i dont think it matters if your white, black, purple, yellow, etc.
I ask her nicely please don't do this.
but i told him that i dont know any thing about this but wants answer from me.
well because he felt like it ur mom hates girls luvyo bro sry
WE are friends now but we don't have feelings for eachother.
i fall 4 u now can we go out ?
it a ****** smells like fish she needs to see a doctor
Do you hang mostly with him?
Most girls like the mature guys.
have you thought about what you could win?
YOU JUST NEED TO STOP LOOKING AND SOON THEY WILL FIND YOU.
Send Her flowers and chocolate MORON girls like that I should know
hope i helped u :)  sry if i didnt:(
i'm assuming u mean that you're cheating on her.
LIVE YOUR LIFE SO THAT YOU WON'T REGRET NOT DOING IT LATER.
or, get someone to do it for you.
Mary Ann...I like brunettes better than redheads
No......no girl would want to go home with a stupid idiot like you.
i dont exactly know where we stand in a relationship.... ANY TIPS??????????
JUST BE CAREFUL CUZ WHAT GOES AROUND COMES AROUND!
He sounds like a pretty decent guy but just not the guy for you.
Find her & talk to her!
If he is a nice guy then you should totally keep him!
i have some stupid popup that won't go down and i can't turn off the speakers....elevator music, nooooooooo!
But my boyfriend is my best friend but dont ruin your relationship ok..
Now his ex wife maybe coming back to him.
You do not want children with problems, do you?
go right ahead if you like them and they like you back.
I say, just go over and start talking!
yes you are supposed to please a woman.
but ask yourself are you mentally and physically ready?
i just wish for u that U get a Real n loyal friend.
yes he's just not ready to tell you yet
don't concentrate on hatred, it will consume you to death!
remember, in the end, its just you.
im 15 m and nice to talk to as a cool friend
where can i find a great guide to lesbian sex positions??
oh love that doesnt sound good :( im sorry to say but i dont think he is worth it.
entertain her with some small talents.
If you're not happy then why should u stay with him?
go g!ve he@d to a female fish and then you can tell us all what it smells like
The kids stilll need their dad but you do not need a looser for a husband.
this is such a crazy question that people think needs to be answered.
you just like that certain type.
This kind of thing makes me mad!
Yes, though it depends where you go.
(secretly) and i've found no colficts with culture and otherwise.
and on v-day give her roses and ask her out.
it depends from whom u get kiss.
as for you- find something interesting to do for that time.
just be your self most of the time that works good luck :p
First thing is, me and my ex have split up and got back together alot.
Just ask her if she has a bf.
Being a girl i suggest gift her a set of ring, necklace and earing is best....enjoy
i did, and it worked out nicely
are you mental... of corse its wrong!
but tell her what you want its the way you say it nad mean it is what it conts
PPL JUZ THINK ITS WEIRD GOIN OUT W/ THE SAME SEX U R.
and think that if you do not have it something is worng.
stop being so shallow about a hot one.
i'm ready to give in or give up.
3 months, at that age it took about 3 days for me!
Wondering how stupid one must be to use 'u' instead of 'you'.
break up with her she will be more sad if you don't don't make her the bystanderd
Kids are going to be a problem.
I was going to say yo momma.
if you want someone to talk to practicallie_sane@yahoo.com is my e-mail
I loved a guy for 4 years, and he loved me, too... or so I thought...
tell her how hurtful they can be
Figure out what you did wrong!
as many times as their schedule allows
by the way dont listing to the dude with spell check because his a churk.
He cn/cnt be lyn- people usually don ly abou these stuf.
he doesn't love you boo......why waste your treasure on him?
I persue guys kinda agressivly, it works for me.
imagine if they both divorce u and each one takes half of everything, u'll be left with nothing.
alot of guys cant handel me.
I don't know what to talk about.
You know, it's just creepy that your looking for a girlfriend in a chat room..what are you?
yea,they married the all sweet girls lol!
anyone who says so is called a racist.
becasue we are obviously not allowed male friends with you guys getting jealous.
so your not alone and so you feel loved.
What are you interested in.... girls?
And make sure ask her out!
if you oppose it maybe you should stay in your own affairs.
go to a bar and PARTY !!!!!!
Best of luck to you in life, love, and happiness.
i could be a friend too.
Let me know if ur out there.
Feel like you couldn't have more bad luck if you offered to buy it?
Hang out with friends keep yourself busy.
Try to think of the kinda stuff he likes and work with that...ex.
Do you like long walk on the beach too
You dont want to wake up one morning and think Oh my god what have I done????!!!
Do not look too hard though, you may never find him.
It seems easy but it ain't jess n dave
i need a dish that looks, smells and tastes great, but is foolproof, cause i am a fool.
I think it might mean if you ever wanted to be friends with benefits he is willing so call.
someday he'll come 2 u.  theres a person 4 every person out there.
if she really cares about you she'll come back.
or even on the subway or in a store.
Let it go and move on!
someone who is my age i mean like 13-14.
a guy is just a guy.
INFACT IT HAS BEEN PROVEN THAT MORE MARRIED WOMEN CHEAT THAN MEN.
u r any one else shouldnt want 2 be labeled as a freak.
You can't take back words - you said it, he believed it.
(Notice I mentioned nothing about looks, job, or money.....none of that really matters to a truely sincere woman!)
Don't be a fool and fall for the same line alot of girl do.
Hell dump you right after sleping together.
but like i said you need to sit him down and talk to him about it
If he acts suspicous then leave it at that for then and do some detective work.
but men and women define their need for space differently.
Just like the stuff at the store that is half price, why is it so cheap?
Whe you are in it, you know!
Try watching Bueaty and the Geek, u'll c wat I mean
I didnt think I was doing anything wrong!
if they call you beautiful not hot.
tell her that you can satisfy the needs of both of them.
you are going to regret it i promise you.
pshhh.. im jus as stunned as you are..
If you are not religios, and she is OK with that, then it should not be a problem.
are you going to be going around the whole world collecting your stuff back?
B/c I don't want to hurt anyone's feelings.
my reply to that is : I WILL IF U FIND LOVE IN ME..:)  READ THIS.....................:)
Dump his butt, have some self respect.
Sooner or later she'll realize what a nice person you are!
I mean did she break up with you because she thought you called her ?
every time i fall in love here it hurts!
Tell her she'll let you know!
just go up their and said will you go out with me and ask her for her number
i'm very desperate to know my answer!
hot chicks don't get to talk to a lot of great guys becuase everyone is intimidated of them.
meaning for meaning is to mean that it doesnot have a meaning  lol
We are double dating w/ my sister and her boyfriend.
sometimes good enough is just that
2's company, 3's a crowd, 4's too many, 5's not allowed.
AT THIS POINT IN MY LIFE AM READY TO GIVE UP.
from your situation.. dump him.. you said that its stale already.
i love him and i fell wonderful with him
Sure, just load it in the picture area.
keep a distance with ur friend...since u already know it
Hook him up with a F**king f a g
u can't make someone love u even if u try.
because they take their life and love lightly.
I do what ever i an to look really hot around him
Do you really want a girl whose mother is gonna control her life?
Just be nice & polite & be yourself....If thats not enough you can always ask !!!
Now I have fun and enjoy my life I'm the one that is important.
Tell him that's not ur style.
If you still have feelings for this guy that does complicate things.
I don't see anything wrong with that!
I was not able to just forgive & forget!
i think you're totally right about this not being a place for gay bashing.
like prett farve, hes was really good but now hes not so good.
yep love is just one of those annoyin litle things in life that you have absouletly no control of.
If you play hard, you'll get the GRAND PRIZE ;)
i was 15 when i first met him.
i dont remember any who didnt.
it might be wrong for the involved person, but not u.
im not sure, but im in 8th, and 13, and still never did, and im PROUD of it!!!
after all, she's your best friend so its perfectly understandable that you like her.
If they become obstreperous, I have one of my minions trounce them.
(for e.g ask him to call you whenever he feels ok).
By the way we are both females and not gay :-)
Not any god I wanna know.
trust me, im 19 and they're still like that at that age
I can not tell you how shallow that is!
And for what, to appease some god?
If she wants it give her another chance.
AS LONG AS YOUR HEART IS AS BIG AS YOU THATS, ALL THAT MATTERS.
yes there is nothing wrong with it to me.
why do u called it love when both of you cheated and lie to each other????????
If you do it real well, he might graduate you to baseball bat...now that's where the real fun starts!
And I could not be happier w/ ANYONE else.
I can tell you this, most guys i met don't care so they do it any ways.
.........so i quit talkin to her, in search of a smarter woman.
But don't go around kissing everyone!
depends if he was my size and I liked the choices of clothing he wore....!
lol but u should just make sure your there for him !
Yes, he likes you, he is just shy.
Al Greene, Luther Vandross, whatever you like, just don't have it so loud that you can't talk.
Don't wait until after Valentine's Day!!
so ignore him, and dont show him any kind of interest!
yes, but thats not the way to bet.
if the guy doesnt like you for who you are then he is not worth it!
I don't see what the problem is.
just come out and tell her that you want her to be you gurl!
But make sure nothing comes out of it, unles of corse you're married...
i like this guy but i hate askin guys out but do think i should ask him out
For awhile, but then they are always looking if there is nothing else to back up the relationship
pick up your bible and read it and you'll know what love is.
Do try to watch the kind of foods she packs in her cart though!
I DONT KNOW WHAT TO DO ABOUT MY MOMS DECISION!
HERE U GO CHECK DIS OUT!!
and besides whatever makes the two of you happy is what counts.
By the way how old are you???
depends on the man.... drop me a response.
I know it's hard, but try and pity them.
If she's made it clear to you that it's over move on.
Well, first look for a girl that likes you.
I know it is hard but you should definately NOT call him.
First off... why doesn't your family approve?
If not then I just defiled my hairbrush for no reason ;)
i know how hard it is.
i'm 18 and cannot wait to get marry.
yes you are way too young to be thinking about marriage
the easiest way would be yahoo messenger
i am an 18 year old christian male that is to put it frankly horny.
If that's the case then don't worry about what they think.
after the squealing ask them to be in your wedding.
So y not in love ????
But,(there's always a but), you also have to think about what would make BOTH of you happy.
but cant find anything about it
wait a bit- dont be so eager
If she wants it and you take it easy, she will want you even more!
if he'solder that could also be it.
Just remember, be a gentleman and don't kiss her on the first date.
if u can't get things together then u don't like each other and u are not ment to be.
(Or Husband Swap if that ever comes about - it is only fair!)
Keep yourself busy...VERY BUSY so that you can't think about it.
well you answer your own guestion stupid there it is
have a real serious talk with him.
Be the bigger man (you know what i mean)!
I got married 2 months back...I had a boy friend and had physical relations.
can you be trusted do u like to laugh need more info
To catch guys, guys want a chase, not easy.
I was 15, she was 21.
if he's smiling and looking at you then sure, he likes you.
thats why everyone knows except the wife.
It is wrong for gays to get married!
if God didn't want homosexuals then he wouldn't have put that on earth.
He's a really nice guy... loved by everyone, a crowd darling I may say.
Are you playing with your dad's computer?
Now here is a heads up for how guys think.
nearly 11 ,or 12 they mature
man i DID pick the wrong day to stop sniffing glue
i feel it is ok coz we are free people,and can do so.
if u nt satisfy plz email me at fastfellow2000 id in yahoo.i hope u will satisfy.thanks
if you love this guy and he loves you then go for it.
As long as i already knew the girl and we had some chemistry
sure its been done plenty of times.
He said my voice is sexy too, esp.
tust me you'll know when u meet the right one.
there really SHOULDNT BE any guys who fit your description!!
i will be pretty weird don't  and don't make from your self the first talk of the ppl
Throw a big party and then tell them about it and then they'll b like omg i lve u
i say you will know when its time!
be honest and true to your self
But maybe he just wants to spice up your sex life?
If you do not take charge fo your life, who would??
dbl wahmy..as a female would that be something that would turn u off?
AND IF YOU SHARE IT WITH SOMEONE,IT WILL ADD A LITTLE MORE  GOOD TO YOUR WORLD.
Just make sure you dont mess up or lie...
Black ps I am not african american
Maybe she also loves HERSELF and HER LIFE!
but hey im only one person.
Don't make it too big or expensive.
Kinda, but I knew someone who got married at 18.
Yep, having sex with your self!
make sure she is a lesbian too.
can you tie your shoes now?
Well it sounds to me like you haven't found real love at home or abroad.
in this case, either he plain lied or he has issues (abusive issues or just bad personality)
i wouldnt want a guy to like me for my body parts!!
I care about him but I'm not sure if I want to end up marrying him.
TAKE A BIG DEEP BREATH N SAY HI START A CONVERSATION 2 SEE WAT U GUYS HAVE IN COMMON.
she is coming back in 5 years.
I kissed a guy on the check in 2nd grade!
Works like the rabbit but way cheaper.
flirt first see if she responds well to that and then ask her
Pitts...why do you care what others think?
Unless you're fat and ugly, say hi to 'em.
;)   But Rascal's right - if one has love in mind and the other lust, it won't work.
you'll never know until you lose it!!!
He already went out with this other chick after me.
just stuff that they know that means thnx 4 being my bridesmate i hope i helped ya a little
I always believe that guys asks girls out.
If she's rude.....chances are she's not worth pursuing.
We're good friends too (have recieved many hugs!).
Cheating: There are people who are capable of it, and there are people who aren't.
u guys broke up... that means that u dont love each other.
you don't give ring unless you are married already or you want to be.
e: A very sweet guy who needs to move on.
I wonder if anyone else really wants to be happy...
I need more info about u.
first of all how do you dress.
the ugliest woman is a man because he's no woman
If you really are that bad of a cook.
just go talk to the girl, be friendly and give ur relationship some time.
Do the things you couldn't do because the ex didn't want to do them.
but if you'd like, you can work at a tobacco farm or work in the summer time.
depends whenever u no ur both ready and no yall want to spend the rest of ur life together
I tried to leave him so many times but im the one who always look like the fool.
I don't know what to do.
if u have them on the ropes,whipped or sprung yes otherwise no.
MAYBE WE GIRLS DONT BELIEVE U TO THAT EXTENT....WELL U CANT BLAME US 4 THAT.
Look at all the pretty grrrs here!
He didn't like the break up...
is 7th grade to young to have your first kiss?
I HAVE WAITED FOR A LONG TIME TO FULL IN LOVE WITH THAT SPECIAL SOMEONE.
typing the answer to this which is typing the answer to this
you've been dating her for months now right?
Man, I thought you were married anyway????
plus, i had an uncle who had 2 wives, they couldn't live together in one house.
Track her down and ask her what gives.
and she will save you alot of heartache even though you dont believe it.
in a joking kind of way.
A guy they can't figure out drives them nuts.
So I suppose God thinks animal-luvin is okay!
TRUST IN MOMENT AND LIVE IN JOY
Believe in true love, it is out there, but don't go looking 4 it and dont look too hard.
OK I'll tell you what it is but promise you'll never play with your dad's computer once again.
We fight because he doesn't seem to care that much...
Don't hate me because I'm honest.
sorry, you need to figure that out, that is something only you know the answer to
My daughter says she hates it here and wants her daddy back.
flowers and sweets won't do it.
42% of guys are good guys.
Three Fwd=> Wishes: Grace => Mercy => Peace.
if he doesnt know what you are worth then he doesnt deserve you in the first place.
Girl I think he's playing both of you..He probably don't want either of you
Don't force anything, that's the key.
If you have to ask you have a lot to learn.
i had myself done this with my girlfriend a couple of times- and not for cheating!!
If you get a reaction, great.
But those your man love you.
Talk to a buddy, the men at church, people who I wouldn't worry about.
If they have not, then it is completely wrong.
TWO: She could be cheating & shes afraid you'll know or already does know.
ask him what he thinks of you
talk to her about why she doesn't want you seeing him.
If you want a genuinly good guy, just be yourself, and love yourself and that guy will find you.
Maybe HE should dump your butt because you're an OLD STORK!
WELL THINK ABOUT IT WOULD U WANT UR BOYFRIEND DOING THE SAME THING TO U. I DON'T THINK SO.
Why didn't you go with her?
It is sad to say that to most guys do care about weight.
Think about what you would do if u were her.
Don't bother,  he probably isn't worth it anyway.
DIAMOND RING THEY ARE GIRLS BEST FRIENDS
I don't care what it is...
Nevermind that the guy might be a great guy.
Any guy who's out there and doesn't care about the girls feelings, isn't doing for the right reason.
Is it too difficult to say GOOD BYE to somebody who treats you like garbage??
i think u are a bit too young for a relationship.
If you love him, keep lovin him.
if i was to flirt with you it's because I like you.
Nowadays with aids out there Sure it is a good thing!
THAT HE HAS NOTHING 2 WORRRY ABOUT!
If u BREAK your PROMISE, u Cannot be TRUSTED;  If she BREAKS hers, she is FORCED to do so.
watch sports woth him and dont complain, suck his c0ck and bring him a beer
PLEASE, LEARN TO LOVE YOURSELF FIRST.
i too, am going through the same thing.
tell him that it is YOUR day not his.
Are you freaking serious with this question...
Or atleast until they breakup, and even then you should talk to her first...
IF he really loves you look at what love is and what it is not.
that is way to small for you and i and u should kno that.
but still you cant get over him/her.
but just be his friend for now because it sounds like thats what he needs.
let me knw the website plz.
she kne wyou would get upset, thats why she didnt tell you before.
If he's with a girl or married leave it alone it's not worth it.
Why isn't he 'doing' me now?
Love and trust, can't have one w/out the other!!
i found out to be nice to her and just be your self.
But ask yourself What am I feeling, What is he feeling?
(and I am really not trying to pass judgement here, just being fair).
Especially if you arent doing anything wrong.
second: have you been drifting away from her?
Of course, the flip side of love, is ...what?
if you think about him in a cushhy way,don't!
WELL.....FINK U SHOULD LEARN GRAMMAR PROPERLY AT FIRST...COZ UR QUES DIN MAKE ANY SENSE WIFOUT IT......
as man sex is a must must !!
Need to impress girls, then don't try to act smart.
Well to quote Eddie Murphy It's a d___k thing.
i fyou want an outdoor wedding with the leaves turning, the fall.
because it always was my fault.its something alot of man and woman have just the don't all say anything.
Right and w will be married soon...
not from dog not from  cat.
when you find the one of corse
not at all,I never come online here.
You can't really talk at all.
Maybe thats all you need to do.
thats soo weird i feel the exact same way wow!
IF YOU DON'T TRUST HER THEN YOU DON'T LOVE HER YOU JUST THINK THAT YOU DO.
im headed to chicago one weekend a 12hr road trip
You can't really talk at all.
Maybe thats all you need to do.
thats soo weird i feel the exact same way wow!
IF YOU DON'T TRUST HER THEN YOU DON'T LOVE HER YOU JUST THINK THAT YOU DO.
im headed to chicago one weekend a 12hr road trip
I think u should forget about her.
or by not trying to look at him much.
Tons of fish in the sea!
the same reason why everybody else falls in love, attraction
you dont have to but maybe sumthin tellin u to stay there and sumthins givin u hope!
look into his eyes.. classic but works :)
Then I KNEW that I knew I loved him.
i think its good to b protective cause it shows how u feel about her am i right
Oh yeah... take lot's of toilet paper for those moments that... you know !
you could say well hey buy me a coke and we'll discuss it!
i dont want him to give up on me because we cant find anything to talk about.
my man is a good 8'
However, if you're YOUNG AND HORNY, TRY THE BATHS.
It might be more to this Question if you know what I mean.........hmmmmmmmmmmm
in other words he just wants a piece to tell his friends about.
give him more time...guys take longer at these things.
That's the same thing I'm going threw with my wife
If u HURT her, u are CRUEL;  If she HURTS u, u are too SENSITIVE!!
Tell him I said good luck with that.
you will find someone who loves you back, because if he did he wouldn't hurt you.
any kind you want to ask.
Especially if he/she really not cheating you.
I hope this helps a lot of people     out there.
tell him the truth in a letter dont ever make him wait u as u will break his heart
you gotta take a chance, or else you'll never know.
You guys are still kids yourself wait until you are married.
And glad that I have the best of both worlds.
best advice, hook up with her outside the job.
there is help out there but who really needs it right.
So I need your advice guys and girls,what should I do next?
I don't know, I don't care, but your attitude is totally hot.
just depends what type of music u and your partner are into.
you are a very smart young lady.
U did not make a mistake u said what came from your heart.
BECAUSE WHAT YOU HAVE IS EXCITING AND FULFILLING IN WAYS YOU NEVER DREAMED OF.
no that would not be dumb becasue you think ya'll are good for each other go for it
Depends upon the man, of course (whether he is her type or not), but sure!
25 as long as the man is long and strong
if you know any girls then ask them to be your gf
Well does he say he does?
You really can't answer that question as male or female......It just depends on what type of person you are..
i would take a step back and look at which person makes me happier and why.
Depends on what you wanna know.
i you realy love him dont brake with him just because people said things.
ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!!
I've never cheated on my wife.
myself... there's this one girl... but havent asked her yet
depends on who is watching it...
well i dunno... nobody slept with me when i was 8 yr old... LOL
she gets rid of guilt by confessing.
(sorry about the run on sentence!)
Yes he CAN, but no he SHOULDN'T.
hmm.... gotta agree with Batista cant argue there.
Hell, what do I have to lose?
Love him if you love him.
Simply don't agree to go out with him if he asks you again.
keep yourself busy with other things so it will keep your mind out of the hunting thing.
but seriously, just go up to her and talk to her.
ahha then she will stop thinking she needs to fake it if indeed she was.
if you like the guy, dont date him.
But you don't see me murdering anyone, do you?
if he looks at you a lot and likes to be around you and acts funny around you.
ask her if she wants to.
2 people, no matter how much in love, have ups and downs in their relationship.
It dont matter who u fight with, what ppl say, or who looks at u funny!
lets her know u noticed her in a deeper rhelm.... not just the lower body!
If she is interested in him the answer is NO!!!
If he truly loved you, he wouldn't be with her!
preppy,trendy punk,goth plain or fusions of styles?
OW  glad i didn't know the answer
PS- if u ever go to mexico get some yoli soda.
accepted him as only my frnd so that i dont loose my love!!!
Who did she get HIV from?
Who knows why she is cold
i like my man to be tall it is so sexy....
By the way I love a sexy man.How old are you??????
No need to be hatred .... if u are confidence in that images so go on !!
if so, then to answer you question.
Girls don't just see money or looks.
well i agree with u because im addicted to it :)
just keep getting caught up- and MOST of them can't even lie good to cover their tracks.
of course there is what a silly question
A man being kind to a girl is sexy...
youre out on a date and this guy grabs your attention is it rude to gaze?
i wish i could tell him enough.
He should love you tons of bunches of oodles anyway.
keep it professional on the job.
im in the exact same position.
you should not give them your number.
if he says i love you don't say it back to him unless you really mean it.
he can but it is considered cheating and no one likes that!
Only if the guy doesn't think the girl is hot(unless, he has better, but that is not foolproof).
Walk up to her and say hi.
sex=is sharing and fun but,not that important.
u need time.. so stay away from gals.. n concentrate on WORK only!
Rock On...uh..I mean keep saving energy.
when you get right down to it its amazing how much abuse a woman can take.
Im not a big fan of gay people.
well it is a good norm, but it has been turn off these days.
because men have a hard time getting over losses.
SOME MEN ARE STUPID AND MAYBE DON'T KNOW WHAT THEY WANT, SO THEY PLAY GAMES.
i dont wanna just randomly go up nd be like GO out wiht me?
it's your wedding, whatever you like.
(hey just kidding  i thought  i would be funny )
Don't let the idiots get you down, there really are good men out there.
i myself tried to get help did it work for me no .
insecurity is not something you can talk him out of.
If you guys dont trust each other and you're engaged...what is it going to be like when you're married?
please help me 4real... i been worried about dis 4 a while....
Omg, that's why I doesn't have a single girl friend in my life.
it's very gross.. its where you eat out the poop hole
I mean come on man, you've been up here asking about girlfriends for atleast 3 times.
But hey, who can they blame?
i think it means that u like that person very much tell them u like them
they are my brothers and we would do anything for each other.
No not until they get to be adults.
2.1) If yes then back off dude... Give respect...  3.0) Does she know you like her?
also, i'm not sure if there's a way to about finding a soul mate.
She's 15 ... give her a break.
admit it ladies, its what every young woman dreams of.
sounds to me he is still in love with you and wants anouther chance
india is that place where u get all types wedding traditions.
I had some neighbor guys who were gay..they were so much fun to be with!
She probably doesn't want it gave out...K
Kick her out or move out yourself.
but it's not abnormal to envy ppl.
I like Smack my b**ch Up by The Prodigy  :-D
is any one try it ?
if you ever figure out the answer let me know!
are they just saying that to be nice?
thats what I think of speed dating
alot of fighting, jealous would be involved
Love, whenever u feel something special about somebody.
for a girl or a boy
knowing that girls do wait for the guy to tell them.
its the inconsiderate and egotistical men that couldnt care less about anyone but themselves.
this does not seem a real marriage.
BTW I'm still laughing at your use two hands answer on that threesome question :P
I'm guessing your asking because u either shaved in that area or thinking about it
It just means you are scared to meet new people, nice guys, etc.
Do what u think is best.
i was in japan for over 3 years.
u should have told him before he hook up with other girl.
why not ,put tell him that
that's a bad way to get over someone.
She likes to go out with you alone....
i've asked myself this question several times.
and it's hard to get back on the playing field.
Yes it still exist even today, but finding it is the tough part...K
Camiguin island man... that is sooooo damn nice.
Tools and Gadgets are always good, heck even a bottle of his favorite booze!
She either will be okay with it or she won't.
It can and will happen someday!
my ex broke up with me a year ago.. .
Did you leave out a word, like don't?
20+ just so i'll sound clean.
What do u think the guy is thinking??????
i've been dating someone for 10 months now.
cause their are plenty of gals who can plz ya!
take the guys that do like you and get what you want out of them
yes i believe in true love.
then leave the room until she cools of and come back and talk to her.
Like a married couple but of 3?
If he's wrong you'll know don't be like me and deny it.
you better B the bigger person and tell that person you like them B4 some 1 else.
She finally got outta dodge and moved to another state.
tell the guy to buzz off and go find himself sumone else to bother.
finish college get a nice stable job both of you.
I say take a deep breath and go on!
Well if he's mean to you then why would you wnat to be friends with him.
most men dont....most of us like nice fat azzes
Cld spoil the friendship if u say that in a romantic-like way
I do'n know .... gods know :D
ask yourself why would you want to hang out with a depressed person.
if he start making rude hand gestures then he likes you.
u have to just give it up.
be friends in the end if you can.
you will never know if she'd go out w/ you unless you try.
education honey you never get to old to date
The procrastinator you probably can't do much about because a lot of men are like that.
i dont think you are in love with him that would be incest.
you will never know if she'd go out w/ you unless you try.
i dont think you are in love with him that would be incest.
Basically dont tell her you are cheating on her and she wont worry about it anymore.
but you should know if love is there dont tel her show her
dont get in the middle of a fight.
I THINK GUYS LIKE GIRLS WHO ARE CONFIDENT NOT COCKY
its plan as day u atleast wanna be friends so he couldnt have been all that bad...
People will either like u, love, u hate u, or dont care either way!
I work alone with a girl and I find her very attractive.
How about you marry him and see?
No you do not have to or need to quit your job .
things might change when you get out of school.know what you want!!!
get your fiance to talk to him about it too!
ofcource we need love cuz love is the best thing that could happen to u ......
Get a life and dont worry about their lives.
Try the old I know you love me, but..... line.
I luv Green Day so he would be like my cousin or something cool like that
the best thing is to do is follow it heart!
fOLLOW WHAT YOU WANT TO DO DON'T FOLLOW THE CRITISISMS!
Maybe she is cheating on you.
maybe she's just better than what he ended up with.
sometimes they dont and sometimes well there just play hard to get or flirting or just being him.
if you want to be around him then you might just like him for right now.
She was like ya I kind of figured that.
I've seen to many good men get hurt so dont subject yourself to her icy breeze...
you will know it you will feel it
Women love tall men makes them feel like they are protected and it is sexy!
just kinda hint it, by hangin out with him more, takin his side in arguments, ect.
doing the deed where i shouldnt have
If hes a guy and hes alive, yep .. you guessed it .. hes cheating.
get rid of anything that reminds her of you & don't put her personal info on the web.
But, then u support your sponse anyways.
you gave me a mental picture!!!
sounds like a non sequitur to me.
Yes for me, HE is so attractived ....
when you meet your mr.right, you'll just know!!!
But, then u support your sponse anyways.
you gave me a mental picture!!!
sounds like a non sequitur to me.
Yes for me, HE is so attractived ....
when you meet your mr.right, you'll just know!!!
Are you looking for a nice guy, or a bad boy?
just spend time wit them... they are not gonna eat you.... don't you have sisters or cousins...
A girl should not like a guy that doesn't like them at all.
it turns out that he liked me too.
yes , a guy and girl can be friends
best answer is to take life 1 day at a time.
It just means you are loose.
honey i wish i knew, because i am asking myself that same question right now!
Did you actually like him from day one?
treasure it grow with it that is a wonderful thing
How do u love the friend?
I BELIEVE HE WILL; I LIVE FOR THE DAY...
Love is caring.... so on and so forth!
I need to do it more.
that mom must be crazy HE IS UR BROTHER
then you might end up cleaning the fish.
if u know she'll come back to u.. wait for the time..
IT REALLY DOESN'T MATTER ABOUT THE HAIR HOWEVER I THINK SOME MEN WITH BALD HEADS ARE VERY SEXY
go for black or navy blue boxer briefs or briefs
But if its a play flirt or a wierd out look she has or something she probably doesn't.
tell him that u r sorry n u wont do it again
Not a bar, or an online dating service... Or speed dating UGH!
ask him what will u do in your next new life that  you havent done before?
Of course you'll need a lot of gas!
Jennifer E.    Just because I love her.
:-)biting back do not mean you are a winner move on :-)
ss wang chig you are funny.
im usually fine with once or twice a day.
why is this in love and romance!
Do you know why she suddenly stopped liking you ?
do what u like and what u want to do.see how easy it was.
Makes watching that stuff a lot more barable.
And how they'll be related 2 u!!
I don't know what mistakes he has made.
Every time I told him of my crush, he liked the girl too.
If he is so hot, ask him to do more workouts !
Run away with your boyfriend if nescessary, you say you love him right ???
c'mon now, you can't expect the man to not have friends on the basis that they are female.
alot of my friends think i am gay but i do not!
If nothing else if you really like her hopefully the two of you can be friends .
but you got to start some where.
the same reason women cheat on 'em.
during discussion about who eachother has been with this all got brought up!
He's so awesome and i THINK IT WOULD BE FUN TO HANG OUT WITH HIM.
try and think on the bright side
If u want so then be expectin her to have more than one...
and i just don't know how to tell him.
You should try to flirt with her and see her reation to it.
Use to...but I don't give a crap what she does now...
if not good dont get mixed up with those ones trust me.
no.. trimmed is fine.. don't mess with it too much.. it's wierd looking.. it looks like your 11..
If you wanna shave then shave, if not then don't.
Or still living at home with mommy.
See, i'm shy too, so i always wait for a guy to approach me.
Depends if you like it fast or slow?
there are too many people out there for you to be hung up on a distant family member.
i have noticed however, that to men female friends are only women they haven't slept with.
men and women can go without sex pretty much the same.
But...that was years in the making.
there is a chance that they don't love you the same way.
Ask him what he thinks is going on and where he sees it going.
ONLY THE KIDS AND DRUNK PEOPLE TELL THE TRUTH...
please help me i really like him
well at 17.. everything is interesting about a gal!!
no, he constantly complains about your ratty hair and your snoring.
They are no dummies at all!
because that would suck if you made someone like you they should want to and she doesn't.
there are a lot of things to do out there.
I like when men dress nice.
u are attracted to them or u really like them
But women want to be wooed.
no ur not u just not mayb into that style of those girls u envy.
Hey WISE FOOL...so is that the girlfriend or the pet?
Tease him a bit... without being mean.
that may hurt you in time.
They don't realize they have a good woman until shes gone.
i don't think you want to be pregant at 17 do you
just get married......................and have sex for free for lifetime.
to get a woman off with your fingers  ladies what do you like
men are really bad mind readers and us chics tend to just expect men to know what to do.
do not have kids,  just keep getting abortions  trust me
cool lol...you have a good amount of time.
She could put it nicer, or say nothing at all!
Men just think differently than women.
any and every thing if you dont tell them they will find out on there own
We're married now, so it worked!
Have sex for the kids sake.
have some friends come with you.
Shorter the better, even BALD is sexy!
Finally PLS GO TO UR PASTOR OR LOOK FOR ONE IF YOU DONT HAVE ANY.
but, what you should do is just be there for him as a friend.
if you're gf has moved on so should you.
Unless you gave him  some BD, no.
me 600 ( like Wilt Chamberlin  )
THEY DO NOT GIVE PEOPLE A CHANCE TO LET THEM KNOW WHO THEY REALLY ARE.
first you should start just to talk with, her hang out, just be her friend!
2_ you like the more knowledgeable loving laid back,  NOT SO HIGH STRUNG.
i just flat out tell him...hey, i think you are hot
i don't think it could work.
and if she doesnt like you anymore, ask her if it's still alright to be friends.
She took it ok but then she went off on him last night.What can u do
sometimes they like that the girl has some control
and the fact that i've been married 3 times means that i must be looking for love.
Her name is Hillary Rodham Clinton.......good luck there Pal!
First, i'll make a confesion...am no girl.
I AM FUN TO TALK TOO OOHHYEAAHHBABBBYYYYY EMAIL IS:SEXIPOLKADOTS@YAHOO.COM
that way the adult would be able to watch over you where ever you would go.
lucky for me i found my Mr.
How do I break out of my rutt?
sincere girls are usually stuck with jerks
true love when u find someone need u and u need her
My friends & I like the Steak & B.J.
I like guys with dark, medium-length hair and blue eyes.
i don't know why - i'm not a redhead.
Short on cash: Do something uber creative!
BECAUSE THERE IS ALWAYS SOMEONE BETTER OUT THERE.
it is gay like you bitch
yes ,if there are five mens.
it depends on ur girl, or the girl u want (to get) .
GOOD LUCK AND I HOP EVERYTHING WORKS OUT FOR YOU 2!
As Mom says, if you do not have trust, you do not have anything!
Hope this helps, and good luck!
U don't,but may be u want to?
Just lay it on her easy
it may hurt a bit (so i've heread) but the pleasure is even better...it's real SWEET!!!!
uhmm no words can describe it u just feel it
I now keep my crushes to my self.
You have all got to be out of your mind!!!
I GIVE UP.... NO, I KNOW THE ANSWER!!!!!!!!
I like a guy who doesn't even know I exist.
He's a jerk and a loser.
I had another boyfriend and Im sure he had another girl too.
life without love is not a life at all.
I'm a hair and eye guy.
No No NO a girl with flwt ass No body likes
If he didn't hate you, most likely you wouldn't like him anymore.
ask him if he likes corn cobbs in his ass
if he proves it to you everyday
vow to make sure she realizes what she is missing
-Love is to tell her how much I like her, how much I love her.
like everyone else said--have ur partner open them..
brush her/his teeth with your tounge
Next, if you really want to go, THEN GO!!!
Hang in there, move on, and keep looking!
sure you have to be a little patient
the little things count more than sex.
no  i know that and i'm twelve
B) He thinks/fantasizes about you a lot.
(I REALLY DO THINK THAT WAS A GOOD QUESTION...)
Any thing i guess but make sure it is fancy
i say go for the one who you want
dont tell until ur bf tells
sure but dont expect to have a wife for very much longer!
Dude u really got some problems.
i cant see your picture its to little
It wouldn't be rude to look though.
Talking on the phone for the first time after chatting online, I mean
.what can i do to get over it?
I wish he'd just 'do' me!
and not by sex or any kind of sexuality.
if u loved him at first, u will alwayslove him
Depends by what you mean by bad.
(ANYWAYS YOU ONLY DO THIS TO YOU LOVEONES OR GIRL SO YOUR PRETTY SURE SHES NOT INFECTED OR SOMETHING).
if she doesn't then look for someone else.
u got lots on ur mind!
No idea......but that would make a great song title don't ya think?
I'm not a stupid woman and the guy I was with didn't always beat me.
that all depends, are you that baby's daddy?
A unique question for you girls!!!!
fool me once, shame on you.
Im going to marry this man and I cant do this forever.
what about more than one photo?
cmon u need to giv dis guy a break.
no i haven't (i've done it)
men are visual; that simple but I like inner beauty
4.0) Are you sure you like her or you are just impress with her?
if you get a bigger picture then maybe you would be but as for now i really cant see
unless that was what you were hoping for!
only if there was drinking, singing, and a rubber duck involved!
any kind of question that you want.
Just look for a single man with kids of his own.
If its higher, consider buying him a video game or something like that.
I agree with curious trav... go on, ask her, and see what happens, lol!
my spouse and i both like to have sex alot
Those are ur true friends... not the ones ur fighting with over a guy!
is it even possible to throw in the towl and find your soul mate.
John Schneider has aged very well...i loved him on The Dukes of Hazzard!
But I haven't given up and you shouldn't either!
if you were financially well off, then would that matter?
that is just the way the most guys are and that really sucks
i have a titanium wedding band -- it's cheap, but looks great.
no .a guy that can wear feminine clothes and is still straight shows that hes comfortable with his sexuality
Plus, that way you can go to a later movie.
I don't pay her to talk.
4.1) Like and Lust is diff...  Email me...
...a guy who dresses up all the time?
Like me, my two uncles and and my grandfather.
even the girl shouldn't mind in the first place if she really likes you.
4.1) Like and Lust is diff...  Email me...
...a guy who dresses up all the time?
Like me, my two uncles and and my grandfather.
even the girl shouldn't mind in the first place if she really likes you.
when the time comes you ...........................
if you want to marry , you have to see marriage adviser and talk about it
you shouldn't regret anything you did.
{just make it work and it will if yall and love}
they stand on street corners at night.
He wants to fuck you, so bad but socially there is no way is hell he can.
it depends on what kind of fat azz the boy has
person cheated on me with at least two other men after we were married.
every body lies its just easier to take advantage of when ur a drunk
me i wanna be your friend mail me harryblehnabladder@yahoo.com
WITHOUT being too flirty or looking like a s***
it really depends on what sort of grunge girl you're talking about.
neither...i think trust is the most important thing
wait until you are both 18 and have full-time jobs with benefits
im 19 years old but i will soon be 20. i have been in a relationship for 3 years.
whats the best way to get a guy to notice you?
try wearing boxers 4 a change.
girl most men and women cheat cause they are not satisfied in their currrent relationship.
His name isn't Sean is it??
then just pkay it cool for the moment.
i mean they don't know what they want.
I am in my second marraige and it sucks.
nothing that could happen cant be overcome!
Dont worry about boys untill your about 21.
But nice and slow love songs.
if he says yes then you can ask him,Have you ever considered me more than a friend...?
(At least that is how it should be....*cough*)
his name is Phillipe and he is SOOO LOSER !
find a new girl friend and get on with your life.
if he says yes then you can ask him,Have you ever considered me more than a friend...?
(At least that is how it should be....*cough*)
his name is Phillipe and he is SOOO LOSER !
find a new girl friend and get on with your life.
ok so he is my best friends boyfriend and i've known her since we where in prekay.
god bless to be always young.
id never cheat on my girl but i know a few men that would and i know thier type.
you rock~ you have a lucky girl ;)
love is a waste of time.
(get out of the house) That too!
if you ask this question you can't...
I didn't know I even had a girlfriend.
So yes it's okay to read the menu; just don't do it around your partner.
YOU MAY END UP GETTING HURT AND WE DO NOT WANT THAT NOW DO WE?
Don't try to make her realize what she's missing.
who gives a fudge just have sex with him
if she is a visual person she likes beautiful things e.g.
If u SMOKE, u are BAD BOY;  If she SMOKES, she is a GENTLELADY.
i learned that the hard way
I think guys go for brains and beauty equally!!
ask this to urself..u'll know that..close ur eyes..relax urslef ..u'll get the point
I thought you had an answer...
or i can't believe you did that!something like that but try not to do anything bad.
come and meet me i will give the answer
if you like each other then stay together  they are just trying to hurt you
I WILL SUCCEED ON WHAT EVER I WANT TO ACCOMPLISH...
Do you kick butt every time you pick up a basketball?
If a guy can take a girl out then a girl can take a guy out.
It was Brutal but hey, I'm alive & kicking!
a walk in the park was my first date i loved it
i really don't see the problem here.
:-( So what do i do?
that means that......ummmmmmmm........... u get down on yourself 2 much!!!!
if you find her, chances are she is better off than you.
well they arent prefered but if the rest of her is hot,hey life is full of comprimises
wish to participate in yahoo chat w/java applet
make some friends and expand from there :)
if your friend is not worth fighting with, dont date him.
u can fall in love w/ one and have it work out
seeing as most likely the picture is already seen, voice is the only thing left to imagine
hmmm...first u jst confirm tht whether she loves u or not?
i guess you are asking too much dude.
you shhould wait if the guy cant respect you and ur body then screw him.
say i love very much,i not live without you
why let him come to you?
SONGS THAT HAVE GOOD BEATS, SO YOU CAN DO IT TO THE BEAT OF THE SONG
watch the music video i should have cheated by sumthin cole and listen to what she has to say!
Eh, I don't know what to do.
Your true love is out there....find him!
Oh, kitty cat stop playing with us.
For me, a shaved guy is a huge turnoff.
i need a white lady as my wife
talk to people let it out and read
you need to get things straightened out with them, and yourself, before you go any further with anyone.
ima take a shower but never do !
about 3 billon man on earth!
don't make babys, don't go for anything serious, serious relationships rarely work out after highschool.
ask him when your doing something you both enjoy
Fools fall in crap too.What's your point?
still, do not just do these for the reason of meeting your soulmate.
Try telling him it's personal, or that you don't like anyone, or you don't know...
AND THE REST OF YOUR QUESTION IS: I NEED A SINGLE YOUNG WOMAN WHO IS 18???
Why are you so obessed with lifting men?!?
maybe you shouldn't be listening to what your friends think.
forget about the guy that doesnt like you.
i like my boys hair with braids and waves too cause that's wat i do i braid hair!!
well i dont think there really is any perfect man for a certain person out there.
Do something really nice for yourself.
that would be the stupidist thing!!!
it will really hurt his ego a hell a lot!
Don't try to understand it if you ain't got one
I need me one of those  Then hes thinking Gawd, i hope she didnt see me staring.
I'm in love with A, but I think my bestfriend X in love with the same girl as I.
It is all in your hands after all!
Right now I'm saving my virginity so I can give my ALL to the one God gives me!!!
tell her he is ur bro!
good boy - you did the right thing.
And when I do, she throws a big fit... WHAT SHOULD I DO?
easy if he keeps staring at you and you can see that then he loves you.
i HAVE BEEN TO THAT ROAD BEFRORE AND YOU DON'T WANT TO TAKE IT!
If you look anything at all like yout avatar, I can guarantee you that she deos!
2-5 years, depending on your age.
If you love her, then Marry her.
if you like him you could wait for him
Y DOES SHE NOT TRY TO GET ANY MORE FRIENDS.
i hang out with him every day because he wants me to.
and usually wiht nothing to say because we talk about 5 times a day.
i don't know what u mean.
depends on what you look like and how ur personality is.
He may actually be the one and you would pass him up just because he makes a good friend???
- If you see this Amber, I love you!
having sex doesnt mean you love someone.
yes, from personal experience, if it's small, it's not gonna do much at all.
You have been wishy-washy for 4 years!!!
do them because you want to.
If he has a new phone number get that too.
it dissapoints me to hear woman say let the man approach you.
Of couse your girlfriend isnt going to like you meeting other girls.
do u want people to know.. y u'wre mad about her?
ask her why she doesnt like you anymore, for one.
Ok ok I straighten up... just quit telling everyone.
Don't worry, you and your sister will see your dad.
atleast give urself some time..  best sugestion is to work..work n only work.
I bet he's got the smallest penis ever.
why am i always the one calling?
i think best for mans 25 between 30 for ladies 24-28
because then its genuine and her heart is safe!
have sex during her periods dont need to use condoms
i,m not gay but buy you need to  get help if you not a kid you act like one.
Yeah, same thing happens to me (I'm a tomboy so I don't have any girlfriend, haha).
its really really sad :'( its hard for most people to imagine a life without love but....
it's ok to try finding someone but be yourself doing it don't try to be who you are not
I wouldn't do it but if women can wear men's shirt, boxers, wifebeaters etc..  why not.
if he doesn't respond to you, mae sure he's not cheating on you.
Being young is one thing...being immature is another.
Well I love Braids on a guy.
not really because when they r shy they are probaly hiding something
I actually dated a girl like that.
about your spous/bf/gf/person you like and/or love?
And it means more because you made it!
by the way.. y did u put the link for her profile??
for a booty call,im on the first plane!!!
I bet he does his little 'Ooh!
well, i have people answer my question.
like squeezing warm mud through your toes
.....however, you are going to make your own decison, good or bad.
Just say Hey, how was your weekend?
go up to her AND ASK HER OUT!
no but you do have alot to say about life.
I would be fine if I never saw her again.
maybe you like the way they treat you.because your not gont to find much out here
oh yeah talk to her about her little fits and yourself DO NOT PUSH HER AWAY OR GET MAD!
oh ya ofcorse it is u and only u
how could thay not no we are all over each other
to me i think green eyes look hot on a girl
That guy deserves a fair chance.
i would like ti try both at the same time
It always fits, & it's not returnable, it's cheap, & he'll love it.
Just lean over and kiss that girl!
alright if she suddenly got really sweaty afterwards then she orgasmd.
maybe talk to your mom and dad maybe thay can make friends even if they are divorced
im sure you can pull that off easily .
Have u ever felt that way?
tell the others to fuck off
For me.....I'm not gorgeous, but I'm no troll (I think)...lol.
?The same thing all guys think about DUH
i bet u get a instant smile, intrest and response of You did what was it about?
first i think u need to talk 2 them if u already didnt.
all men don't feel like micheal, just insecure ones
But umm... you should have found that one out BEFORE the two of you got married.
just talk to him alot and smile ,mabey you two share intrests.
what style do women like the best
Oh what the hell, invite a guy over and have a monagetroi...
give him a love potion!just how morope did to tom riddle,voldemort's mom and dad,,,,,,,,,,,, sorry, jut an hp fanatic,,,,,
no handsome...u need more than just a few dates..
yup...pretty much.... if he already asked you like  how do you feel about me  and thats the time .........
have u ever talk with her father face to face on d reason y?
Yup I did.... the only thing is....
bring your lover a coffee, or buy them chocolates on valentines day.
So he cheats so if you cheat he will not feel so down.
try to find a hobby to keep your mind busy
what is the reason that keep you with him?
start looking for someone to date.
first tell them then go for the kiss if they like u
get her a studly young italian so you can rest
have you ever heard of grammer?
well first of all is she married?
just tell them on-line that you are not going to be able to give them your number.
If you don't like it leave him.
tell her that you like her and ask her out if you think you can just be normal.
well, you sure call me hot all the time so why not?
Repeat after me: Dump Him, Dump Him, Dump Him.
Start asking him ALOT who he likes.
If he says No, at least you had a nice Valentine's Day and can start looking for Mr.
u have fantiseys with them and u realy reealy want to go out with them
i was and a long distant relationship be for.
being together is what really matters, right?
So with this in mind dont try to hard nd be yourself.
ouch please stop this is hurting me
No...don't date someone who is still married.
I might chat with you, make some funny comment, but in my case, I'm just having fun.
he broke up with me the day after the dance.
it's normal 4 guys 2 b attracted 2 beautiful girls.
A butt is a butt anywhere.
Believe me when I say it.
Just have to train him right I guess.
your parents were supposed to tell you that earlier!
wemon love tall guys you can lust cuddle up with them!!!!!
well what did he give u?
PS: Build your relationship first, sex should come after you get married!
Thought I found him, but was wrong.
Just wait, he's out there somewhere.
okay... how much do you still like your ex?
except a little less blatent than that.
thats weird but maybe idk ill talk to my friend by his locker.
it's definitely within yourself when you'll be married duh,
ask her, she'll answer it (maybe or slap u) .
there is always e-mail, phone or snail mail etc...if you really love him you gonna have to wait.
i used to be so nervous my hands would shake and my voice would crack.
Her eys, the way she walks, her calmness, her voice etc.
GO FOR IT WHAT CAN YOU LOOSE
no, if the thing between you and your boss is over, it shouldn't matter.
I like dark hair and lots of it.
narrow it down wih looks you like & then say 'hi'.
he make think alot of you, but is not in love with you
Good Luck, I hope this helps.
im me on speedy77028@yahoo.com so that we can talk it over
if not, at least you know you tried and wont have any regrets
Ask her out for coffee or something low key.
come to the internet and see hot girls
so it's really up to you!
my husband could prob., care less.
just wait and let her cool off.
Like I said make her feel special.
The flying cherry: 1 Plastic Cup, 1 Spoon, 1 Cherry.
good luck dude keep trying  check rent.com
SOME PEOPLE JUST AUTOMATICALLY GIVE THEIR OPINION ABOUT OTHERS.
go for it and have fun
Well, I think you should try to go out with friends.
They just have it going on but u dont wanna risk ur relationship so lay low.
We dont like baby daddy drama and most of us dont want the responsibility of having kids.
chances are its some sick A$$ petifile or a fake picture!
Even though im a guy its easy to say.
If he been saying stuff he never said before and your surprised don't worry.
I see it this way: you know the people handing out Chick Tracts on the street?
just feel bad that i'm upset.
OK WELL FIRST OF ALL SAYING YES TO MEET A GUY YOU WAS TALKING TO ONLINE IS REALLY STUPID!
and why would they need to lie?
HE MUST HAVE DID SOMETHING REALLY BAD TO YOU THAT SOCKED THE HELL OUT OF YOU!
so pick and choose your battle wisely..  good luck
Tell her shes weird as hell.
in da very 1st pl...u dun even wanna help urself guy...!
Hey, you're awesome, let's be together!
If you don't her there tell her.
Get over it dude, NOBODY WANTS A WANNA BE PLAYA!!
It's like the whole world stops and I can just relax.
No, you are not doing it right, when you do you are gonna know the difference.
Don't mess with married men, though; not worth the heartache for all concerned.
Young boys have a problem expressing real feelings (Old Boys Too!!).
Be lovable and the rest is up to her
I don't know what to tell you!
why is it so hard for you to ask?
I have this book and I LOVE it!!!
liverwurst cuz then i wouldnt get eaten cuz everyone hates liverwurst
he needs to get over it.
most guys i know r such jerks!
i thing it may be usefull
saying it doesnt mean you mean it.
I dnt call but i Chat!
common boy dont try to complain betwwen girls and animals...all girls gana get mad at you!!!
Do something nice and lovely, not too girly.
Unless the boy is like 10 years old, I'd say no...
But if he just is inmature or something like that there is always hope.
it's cheating but yes you could do it.
once established, ask him if he wants to go to a gay bar of some sort.
If he scares off, his loss.
but if u are married and have a boyfriend.
I say TRISexual is the best ........be open to anything try anything once!!
yeah if you find the right guy
Ask yourself a few questions... > > Do you like your boyfriend?
i certainly don't think so, you shouldn't either.
Then of course, jewelry never hurts!
And NO, I am not gay.
So if you've got a dirty mind, go with that.
i went to aucopuco mexico and it was beautyful.
alright, i like this guy, but he already has a girlfriend, i think, but i can't tell!
Porn can definitly spice your sex life up.
If it is truly love , then why call them a fool?
if u really love him and he loves u .at the begining we didn't know we were cousins
take care, hope all works out - scott
And girls secret fantasy is to dominate a guy.
i hope some of this works for you!
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo!
i would be scared to death if he even come close to me with that face.
If u really like this guy and he really likes you make it work!
I Don't treat anyone with that kind of dis-respect !
use it... n give him something back for w/e day
if your at school and you really like someone when should you kiss them
no not always it just depends on the guy.
take about her in general about what going .
life is long do not worry!
Best of luck on your upcoming nupitals.
I think you should give it a go!
u never know if they are lying about their gender,age or anything else!
i guess they are lazy to answer
let ur brother go n visit a doctor
Even though Im a guy I seem to have the same problem.
Simple rule - if someone wants you to like them, they'd be nice to ya.
also make sure he knows that u dotn love him.
He kept saying he was over her and didn't love her anymore, etc.
no way there will definetely be a major catfight!
1.1) If not then start there befriend her...  2.0) Is this girl in a relationship?
i never thought of night terrors.
Find some one else to like ... if the guy you like hates you, why would you bother??
All is fair in love and war
Good Luck and remember the key to ANY relationship... be it friends or more is COMMUNICATION!
Just be straight up and say hi.
Off course you do mean all that.
Hope you got something out of this.
I was with this girl and we were going to get married.
aishwarya rai  from india ( former miss world 1994 )
hug him tightly and whisoer him that u r sorry... ask him for forgiveness...
NO THAT BOY IS IN YOUR BLOOD
'I Kissed Dating Goodbye' is great.
wait,and if they break up you should ask her if it's alright to go out w/ him.
But I am serious about that.
so for you seek always elders.
If she loves you and you know it then you have nothing to worry about..
when you are not sure you will hear it in return
if u know she doesnt like him u have nothing to worry about.
i always say actions speak louder than words.
maybe u slept with to many girls?
NO...just be cool and get to know the individual first...there is some scary shit on the internet.
and then that night, massage her into a deep sleep.
no but keep practicing by yourself,,shhhhhhh
But they don't want to be seen wit hoes, so they run back to you.
I'm 42 and my 1st hubby died, thought I found the 2nd and married 2x to him.
its got to be everything or nothin g at all.
this is what a soulmete is and only your soulmate can be mr, right
what the h... were u thinking thats cool
HE WILL PRAY WITH U AND HELP YOU OUT.
hope all turns out good for ya.
LET ME KNOW WHAT HAPPENS IF U DECIDE TO TAKE MY ADVICE.
sex mean going bed with someone.
be nice, jok round w/ her, flirt, compliment her,ask her how she's been.
best thing for u is be good friends with the guy and her older sister.
simple......Stop, I'm in too much pain.
It works for some and it didn't for others.
And for the Record men aren't the only scared ones  Sincerly Te Ic
YA know that old saying if its to good to be true then it aint.
keep yourself busy and be as far away from him as possible.
Why would u even want to bring this kindda matter up tu da question board??
nope what i actually do is make him jealous so it the other way around
Probably the best reason is that he/she does!
Hey whats up... you can talk to me anytime and I love to answer questions...
you think all men have it big under?
i say go with wat you like
it's better than not going to the dance with anyone at all.
I didnt run around the block at all I was just there for the beer and the fun.
before we got married we had more sex than we do now
no but when you do it for the first time it hurts
this question was asked about 100 times try too read and u will find the answer some where
but anyways i would not meet this person alone because as nice as they seem you never know...
it depends on a few things.
yah you can tell but be carefull he may slap you
For both questions: For some girls who actually aren't players.
with college and work minimum once a week, max like 3 times a week.
Not even an enemy or someone I don't really care about.
you give him special attention and you flat out tell him that he is hott!
If u do WELL in your exams, she says it's LUCK;  If she does WELL, it's BRAINS.
Sadly, hes married n i'm married n .. no wait.
You don't really get to know someone well watching a movie.
Why would you be a fool for loving?
Thats a while down the road.
maybe because they just don't have any since and don'T REALIZE WHAT THEY HAVE UNTIL THERE GONE!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I really think it has to do w/ jealousy though.
try to find a new girlfriend.
or probably wants to get to know you since you are family
I DON'T WANT TO DO ANYTHING THAT MIGHT HURT HIM.
tell him that you like someone that you really ...Don't....like.
U would not be normal if u didn't peek.....
but i know what to look for now.
Go with your heart... or dont pick any of them!!
get a friend of yours to ask if she still has feeling for you.
Just say right out,Man, it is none of your business.
Girls dream of their perfect wedding day.
i have one since 9 months
Just say right out,Man, it is none of your business.
Girls dream of their perfect wedding day.
Yep ,,, it is best to just tell em straight out
just ignore the guy if nothing works.
i have one since 9 months
THEN YOU SHOULD CONTINUE TO LOVE THIS PERSON AND BE WITH HIM AS LONG AS YOU CAN.
I know I be like that.
Lady S gone always keep it real.
Whatever you want him to do for you, just ask.
And he definitely knows.. you're gay.
But here's a     TIP..TRY TO MAKE YOUR QUESTIONS INTERESTING.
If my wife looked as trollish as his wife does I sure as hell would be cheating!
the things he says to me.
im a guy but it doesn't hurt it actually feels good
You should go up to him and talk but dont force it.
weve been togather for 1 year and 3 months
u guys still have ur whole life ahead of u please dont ruin it.
I get turned off by greasy gross men.
HE CALL ME NAME LIKE FATGIRL ,PORKCHOP ECT.
Don't let her fiance get suspicious.
- so he could expect that from all the women he dates.
you can't make her like you.
No, I asked my wife to marry me on VD....
you really did what you should.
We were friends at first and it grew into more :-)
if you are not in love it means you are fool, with love life has a different colore
honestly, i say that maybe you should give it a try.
He flirts alot but u don't know if he really likes or he's just feeling horny.
u can tell him but if he isnt interested yalls friend ship will change
?so just trust your sense and heart girl.
Unfortunately, there are so many people in this world who gave it a bad name!!!
Only time will tell I guess.
at lest wait till both of uses get out of high school, but whatever uses do good luck.
I felt bad about it because I didn't mean it.
Well you have to ask yourself do you like him?
If he loved you like he said he does he wouldn't be dating her.
so there could just be some weird reason that he wants to keep hidin' or he's just protecting you!
she says u are TROUBLESOME;  If u don't, she says that u don't TRUST her.
the way she acts with you !
Basically their head is pumped up!
TRY TO GET HER OUT TO MEET OTHER PEOPLE.
go up grab him on the ass and give him a kiss you shy bastar#.
I want an HONEST answer from those guys who know what im talking about.
I think redheaded guys are sexy, especially if they have freckles too.
Now I feel like will never find the one.
but lucky for you there are plenty of girls out there that would good luck
what are you afraid to tell her
Good LUck  One more thing... family will be mean to protect there loved ones!
Why would you bother exploring ANYTHING with other guys that you hate?
Now I feel like will never find the one.
but lucky for you there are plenty of girls out there that would good luck
what are you afraid to tell her
Good LUck  One more thing... family will be mean to protect there loved ones!
Why would you bother exploring ANYTHING with other guys that you hate?
love, shopping, money, worries, kids, our looks....everything that men dont!
Hmmm... ever listen to the Dixie Chicks song, Goodbye Earl?
close your eyes and ask yourself how to heal.
Maby she thinks you don't care, and is afraid to push it.
but Now I think i am the one I want.
I'm 26 and I start to wonder if that day will come!!
As a guy, we want it ALL.
how old over 10 not me
It's A Nice Day For A White Wedding  Billy Idol
ask another question and i'll tell you my e-mail!
yes but if he is a war veteran its illigle.
If from the first time, than that's the way you wife is.
if so, you can provide such info on your yahoo profile.
Ok well i come from a broken home so i have (had) trust issues too.
Men aren't necassarily stupid it is just up to us ladies to teach them the ways.
you should make it a surprise party, and buy her alot of clothes from holister!!!
But Youll Get Over It It Just Takes Time
please no more wood chuck crap or why is the sky blue.
it is always ok with me.
they are the ones getting a divorce not you
won't work full time even though he has a full time job, addicted 2 marijuana and porn, procrastinator
And, no, men do not always go for pretty girls.
you already got the sack dont you?
the way he looks at me.
Then you're obviously NOT asking the right     s!
Say to the person that you really didn't meant to write that
well, actually, you'll just know and feel it.
He must do something nice next, and on and on until you see the REAL guy.
might not be a good idea.
If you have to ask if it is a good idea than it is NOT A GOOD IDEA!!!!!!!
If she starts flirting back she probably likes you.
i do not think it should bother you too much.
I worked at a jewelry store, and one that I heard was...
2 years been married for 14 years now & getting stronger.
If you have to ask you haven't found them yet.
a cake with 35 candles on it if possible
yes but don't do anything which will hurt your wife.
talk 2 her and hopefully she will understand.
u must not judge a book by it cover.
do u mean most women like shoes and money?
And i ask what is life with out someone to share it with.
well than be with that person that u love!
That is easy, kill the bastard.
ha ha ha ha h a ha!
you can't, you can only trust that he does.
i myself am very shy on approaching woman to just even talk.
YOU CAN ADD THAT INFORMATION IN UR PROFILE
jus letem cummm in ur mouth.
No because you are desperate and selfish
she could have something wrong and may be afraid to tell you
we like to think about love ,clothes ,marriage,our weight,boyfriends,but most of the time we just worry
fate will find a way for the two of you to cross paths, after all, you're soul mates.goodluck!
I DO BELIEVE IN TRUE LOVE.
who knowshe might like u 2.
try to be strong and try to act like you dont carewhat people says
Example: Someone says I love it!
first point out chicks  and ask him what he thinks of them, if he would tag it, ya know.
SHE WILL DO IT AGAIN, AND AGAIN, AND AGAIN, AS LONG AS YOU LET HER GET AWAY WITH IT.
Or understand what the heck you're saying.
I've never heard anything about that... ...of course, I don't know what a whife is either.
no talk to your wife maybe she's the one having the affair?
Why in hell you like a boy that hates you??????????????
gosh...ppl these days r so shallow!
Try that and come back to me after you come back of course!
they are not dating, but he likes her,but my (girl)friend doesn't like him back
Funny question but I say probably not!
If he treats you badly then why does he deserve your love?
wera condoms when u r cheatig on him so u dont get knocked up to another man.
i don't kno how long u've known this guy but just be yurself!
no sum guys just dig personality
Guy like girls that don't sound desprate and sound like they never had a real b/f
if i had that answer i could save the world
Yes, and when I think it could help people on Yahoo!
beacause they are believe that girls are stupid and that they are smarter but is not real .
how rude, i would kill him!
If it was my fiancee', Yes!
Find the ppl that will respect u, cherish u and the choices u make!
Additionally, don't give it up too quickly or easily, the cliche is quite true..MEN WANT WHAT THEY CAN'T HAVE.
i like to have sex more than my wife does.
Because we look so damn good its rediculous
BUT I'D LIKE TO BE JUST A CLICK AWAY IF HE EVER LOOKS.
well i flirt with the guy i like but i dont think he gets the pic
i was just wondering what was a normal amount to get it on was.
Run her over with your car.
No you should not, you should never beg a guy.
Care for him for who and what he is.
I can't imagine living without her...  Good luck ...
Im an aquarious, 5'4, and ok looking.
why does he hate you and why do you hate those guys?
why is it the guys job to go to you?
he doensn't have to say it.
And then, use those words, I love you, they always work
IF IT'S SPIKED TOO THEN THAT WOULD BE FINE!
if he does the you dump him like white on rice
Girls appreciate n like frank and bold guyz..BEST OF LUCK!!
Do u reali reali like her?
WHen I used to work...it was not a hard job!
im sure its the same for a blind person.
as sort of a warm up for a serious relationship with the focus on marriage.
So do it, use it, pratice it... make it a day to day thing that u do!
and 2nd Do I really love/like him?
if he doesnt like it move on he's a jerk.
And fellas can you be just friends with a girl who looks hotter than a Playboy Playmate?
u shouldnt ask that type of question if u dont want your feelings hurt.
You don't have to date anyone you don't want to.
you'll do what's right for you.
But by then things were just too messed up!!!
ITS NOT WORTH RUINING A FRIENDSHIP OVER A BOY BECAUSE YOU LIKE HIM.
maybe marriage would just not be my thing.
every time you think about her  punch a wall
im 15 years old and my penis and balls shrunk.
They do not see things the same at all.
Why not have both instead, cheap, small, nice cute one and not huge.
She doesn't trust me and I don't trust her.
And what if you don't take a chance?
Whenever you find that special someone and date them for a while
I don't know what to do.
if not interested, then he is gay.
what if he decides to leave after you have a kid?
he always writes back when i do email though.
AND THE BEST WAY TO TEST THAT IS WITHOUT CONDOMS RISKY BUT IT PAYS OFF.
please tell him ,he waiting ur invitation
well talk to her not to us  she the problem
and if start seeing a lot of things thru their eyes too.
not all girls r that shallow it all abt their image
And yes, I am over 21!!
why do u want to do that?
at this phase of ur life.. looking for a new girlfriend wud b absurd!
i smile a lot with guys i tend to have a crush on.
They think you are being nice to get into there pants.
A pet , they can't cheat on you or disrespect you!
dont ask that question here, you never know what type of answer you will get.
U should move on cause u wouldn;t wanna hurt ur friend.
as long as it isnt toooo.....
omg, that loser still cant get laid?
Like they stay dont get mad get even.
count your blessing and she is a keeper and take her to meet your mother!
if it feels good and then it does not matter do what you need to do
here's the real answer...( I'm a guy)...
Now I don't mean to disrespect them.
date.com  I found my boyfriend of two years there
So cool to have it during a rennaissance fair!
He keeps bugging me on who I like.
He's your ex, its time to move on.
which is not right at all!
maybe one of your far distance cousins for friends?
i think he likes me but i can't tell if hes trying to give me signs or not.
And he would be my husband.
i wouldnt try to change a man toi be with him
if she flirts, talks, hugs, and suggest it
So I guess it all worked out in the long run.)
depend on if your boss is still asking for favor from you....if not you can keep your job.
it's totally ok that's how i got one of my boyfriends
Take a drive somewhere liek the beach.
in the mean time... GO GET UR MAN BACK!
go out and see if it works
TALK TO HIM ALONE, either email him, call him, write him WHATEVER but explain to him!
you should give it some serious thought.
start kissing her neck playing with her boobs & prob you may end in pumping her ass
its old-school, but who doesnt love chocolate!
breakup with him youll get more attention that way.
i hope it works out and u get some good lovin!
Go and just have fun with this guy like you normally do.
Be a kid and have fun.
..so many promises were exchanged and now each one of them no longer existing.. .
just talking can break the ice.
But, if you want to be a one woman man, then you can look, just don't act on it.
Why not.I would if i really like the guy!
ask what her problem is, if he is your brother then you should love him.
Tell him, if you do not, then you will regret it
he and she should show and say to the other that the love them.
is a guy being a virgin good or bad in a gurls mind?
don't do it make it a worth while relationship.not just friends with bennifits
Get up and get on with your day.
If he's not then he might have a crush on u.
there are the spoon full of kisses as ______ & _____ become mr. & mrs. picture frame seating cards.
But my friend likes the shy guys.
BOYS COME AND GO BUT FRIENDSHIP IS FOREVER
we dont know why people can be like you?
figure out which one you like best and go with him.
where are you starting from ?
No, I did not, but i am sure lots of girls did, just take it easy :)
to surprise u i am 25
ask the chick you like, dude!
but that is not true just for you.
He doesn't help around the house, cause he works/...I stay home taking care of the baby!
Most people just don't type fast enough.
you're 55 that'll make him 60... you guys are old enough
dont worry, youll find that special one that makes you happy inside and out one day.
and you couldn't imagin anyone else being there.
Im not gay but they aint hurting you so leave them alone.
last longer there little timmy :)
You never had a 8 1/2 in penis.
where ever you want.. except room...
you can find nice ones but they charge a lot.
And i dont know why you hate yourself.
Not if you want to enjoy it.
the worst thing you could do is make everything look the same and be the same.
Maybe you like someone you are dreaming and not realize it!!!
why would you want him into serious relationship right now?
the only way to really know is to ask him or find out some other way.
Not if you want to enjoy it.
the worst thing you could do is make everything look the same and be the same.
Maybe you like someone you are dreaming and not realize it!!!
why would you want him into serious relationship right now?
the only way to really know is to ask him or find out some other way.
oh yeah, tell her that you are sorry for the mishap.
Best of luck to you if the question is about you
After a few months, he finally got over her and I was right there waiting.
ummmmm hell yeah it is more then probable cause to suspect something is up
I love mayo...wish I didn't but I do.
cause hes a jerk or a dumb**s
i would tell you to pray about this.
If you just want sex, then just stay away.
You don't want him to think you're interested if you're not.
Well girls flirt with guys or play hard to get.I hope that helps.
Grab a beer and just have fun!
But she is kind of like my friend now!
Depends on who you asked..the husband or wife.
Stop calling him and he might start calling you, otherwise most guys like to play hard to get...N
Does the baby deserve to have a life like the one that would be provided.
But, why don't you just ask him and find out ?
Well, I just tell him... like, hey (guy's name), i've had a crush on you for (how long).
is there any one who would like to be an email pen pal with me
See of which kind she is?
if you want to burn that bridge yes, if not no
it really depends on how long ago you broke up and who did the breaking up.
Oh man..........this will not end well no matter what.
they do not have the same thig we do.
i wii like to save this page for future, what can i do
(yes it was a sugar daddy relationship, i am half his age)should i have to quit my job?
And you see him every day?
get married for all your benefits even the child's
WITHOUT WASTING UR TIME..  later on u may ignore her or make up... depending on the situation!
or it's just cuz they want sex REALLY badly and can't ask u.
they should like u 4 who u r not ur height!!!
is it bad if everyone thinks we are virgins (even our friends)even though we DEFINATLY are not?
U can tell by if he tells u that he loves u and treats u like he loves u.
Hi there...well, welcome to the club.
if they send a threat tell somebody you know or call police.
I am betting you don't even have 1 g/f
But I do agree with you in that women tend to beat around the bush.
It's your wedding and hopefully you're only gonna do it once so be creative and have fun!
you don't have to say it...
it is an affection u share with someone but not necsarily sex related
why do people ask dumb questions ??????????
Guys like girls that just be theirselves.It works for me.
Im not sure, I am thinking on that too.
Have you ever heard of the words DIVORCE and KICK HIS ASS???
Even I wouldn't want that for my man.
Don't go out with him again until you decide.
Do you really want to risk having NONE??
What if he leaves his wife, and you ruin her life.
he dribbles... he shoots... he scores... 2 points...
if you have a guy that likes your friend wait first of all does he know you like him.
maybe u can write him a letter and maybe he'll like u ,i did that before
(i was a bridesmaid & had to walk down a spiral staircase).
I do not think it is weird.
Maybe you should think about that when persuading a woman to trust you with her feelings and life.
are you asking whichyou should go with?
if you are a girl hump a pillow then you can feel it.
But u have to accept one thing.
It's like I don't even want to know some of my guy friends after seeing them talk like that.
:) How about a spa gift certificate?
cos they dont....money and diamonds probably!!!
you people with the dirty mind like mine!
Or don't interact (no seeing, talking, e-mails, none of that) with any of them for a few days!!
tell your friend and take from there.
Thats how it all starts .
(most girls...)  If you catch a girl looking at someone a lot, they like him.
The evangelists accosting you in the mall?
i guess you can wear them on your head for waves.....
so dont let them change you
i think that is the best
Because too many women GIVE, GIVE, GIVE.
be honest, don't lie, explain why it is over.
it can be more than 1 song
you can  I think it's like $50.oo all you need to do is file at the local court house.
if your bro id a cool guy then you should be happy.
come out and tell him you are interested.
-Worst, A already had a boyfriend....
Be smart and if he ask you to meet again tell HIM NO this is for your own good!
P.S.you can also kill him you know...
IT MEANS YOUR EARS ARE TOO TIGHT.
Sit down, tuern off the t.v.
Try for #4, it wouldn't hurt, would it?
yes sure he can but i don't think his wife will be his wife again
My wife wants, and has changed me....Not really a good thing.
After all, isnt that what Im supposed to do?
Your life will make SOOOO much more sence!
Maybe he could make u say Hee-Hee LOL
hi,i think u should know more about his life.
if he is, then the worst thing to do is to break up with him.
you sound kinda geeky-looking to be honest.
I just don't know what to do.
But do not let her run you'r life because of her problem.
Well I hope I helped a little bit.
Jeez, yeah, 20 years ago !
she may just be finding you irriatating.
might have a better paying job than you.
do not worry, they love you and it will not change their love for you and your sister.
it gives you nothing but pain and heartbreaks
One day I realized that no matter what, he chose me.
At least if you ask him to do things he does them right?
maybe you should be interested in the older sister.
You mean like if you tripped and fell on an erect penis??
if he acts like he doesn't like u, that means he doesn't.
And don't be afraid to enjoy it yourself!
Come on, do u really need to him to send you home?
Of course, a gurl and a guy can just be friends but dont get too close.
if not the first thing to do is reassure her.
you better not i tcould even be a male who knows
ASK HIM NOT 2 B SO PROTECTIVE!
Don't make a big production out of it tho.
we men are usually pretty obvious
This is tearing me up, because I love the guy totally.
So what do u think hes like?
to festival.. out for lunch.. to have a coffee break...or for a movie if you are brave enough
You need to pick yourself up, dust yourself off and MOVE ON!
If he is married, and still with his wife, then no, and he won't leave her for you.
yeah get your girlfriend to open them.
If he likes u and u like him what is the problem?
I suggest you read XXX: A Woman's Right To Pornography
So go 'head and look, that's what you have eyes for.
IN A RELATIONSHIP IF YOU CAN'T TRUST THEM THEN YOU SHOULD NOT BE WITH THEM.
personally, i like to confuse guys... i think its cute when a guy is confused!
No it's fine, a big penis is a big PAIN!
not to mention that it isnt a legal union and its just rather weird.
So..first off I'm a girl and my best friend is a guy, haha.
Supposedly men do have a G spot.
I would have to say... bbq sauce, you can put it on anything and it taste good!
Guys do cheat, but not all guys.
Bottom line: don't be AFRAID to be pretty.
have a friend ask him for you
but u can see if he always looks at u!
we talk for like 20 min during the day 4 times.
on a moron would do that.
he/she might be happy to hear that from you.
If you 16, good, if your 27, bad.
ask him if he has a girlfriend if not tell him you want to go out with him.
up to u...but rem that u can choose wat to do but nt da consequences...think twice..
Not if you loved him and had alot of happy times together.
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo!
Because you aren't looking hard enough!
Make sure you meet somewhere in public(there are alot of sick rapists out there)!!!
So it;s the most popular emotion of our times :))
I want to be his friend because he is a nice guy.
u don't have 2 treat urself mayb u will find a beautiful girl that is right 4 u.
if that's the case, then he was just asking you on another date :P
Men love a conversation starter like hey i had a dream about u the other night!
Robots and sociopaths do not feel love.
just be yourself, take time and don't worry about those things.
And what girl doesn't like that.
when she or he is all alone?
give me dat ding, by the pipkins
only if you're in a coma
no because I would be a first timer too!
there is nothing 2 impress any one , its a pease of love , try 2 sign in...
You will lose what you have and might not like what you get!
a person that its alone has frustration and depresion get married
Sorry that was mean.... im sure your gran thinks your a nice guy/girl!
do guys really want you to be yourself or do they just care about sexy and steamy types?
So excuse me for being stupid!
And I do not have a problem with them either.
Means one of three things:  A) One or both of you is/are telepathic.
YOU NEED YOUR OWN LIFE WE ARE ALL INDIVIDUALS AND NEED OUR OWN SPACE AND TIME.
Because it really hurts when u feel like your man really doesn't get concerned about u.
love is stronger than trust.. sad but true
talk to him, tell him you like him, and sees what he says
She then asked who it was and insisted so I told her Mike.
so i missed my chance, you souldn't
if you think you are i think you are too!!!
Somebody always gets hurt ... maybe you, maybe your partner, and maybe his/her wife/husband.
I don't think it's just guys.
hope you know plenty about sex day??
They tend to be tough on the guy...like rolling our eyes on stupid questions.
Thats pretty much how hes taking it!
Sunshine of my Life- Stevie Wonder
if she is a working woman she will appreciate the royal treatment!!!
well go for it   might be he is dreaming about you to!
Myself was laid bare, I realized in a way I never have.
how abt I love you as a friend
buy her a zimmer frame...slowly but surely, she should come your way
how did he ever get a wife!
do what ever feels right to you, even if that means saying no to your moms idea.
If I had time, I would IM with her.
is it her or you that is losing intrest?
CAN I HAVE HER CELL PHONE NUMBER?
Not all women like candles I don't
i think you should go ahead & tell him.
i think that im in true love but not sure
It is funny that you have to give up to win...
plai old dark jeans and a nice soft botton up t if its before 10 after nothin!!
Then when he wakes up he wonders whats wrong!
Men cheat mostly cause they want sex!
well the fact that i am married to him means that i must love him.
you should break up with him because before you know it hes going to breakup with you.
Most of the time i think about all the fu***** bills i have to pay.
I told her how we started talking and I apoligized to her.
also the last wedding i went to they did not have a favors.
I didn't find a mature guy until I met someone in their late 20s.
so check this link u find answers for many
use gel.brush ur hair a cople of times.keep it alittle spiky.
I wouldn't because you're the one that looks bad in the end.
Honest,trustworthy,faithful,funny,mature-childish or spoilt guys r boring, and dont forget romantic
bump into her by accident one day!
Not worring about what you have to say next?
I don't have any idea how to go about tracking him down, but oh man was he hot.
fuck all those people  if u like him and he likes u thats all that matters
Back of knees, arm pits, shoulders - they also work for me!
PLEASE... LET ME WATCH AND JOIN... dont be afraid to experiment
there could be some weird reason why.
That would be stabbin your boy in the back.
Don't worry about what other people think; they don't do it very often.
and laugh it off.... and start a conversation about her smile or tell her she has great eyes!
Depends, never get the wrong clothes size for someone, they'll never forgive you, but other than that...
You girls cheat too, sometimes on great guys.
and if they do how long do you think one would last?
why talk in this racial way ,all human being do it in same way
;) trust me this will work
nah....having it early is better - you get used to it quicker.
what do u feel bout ur partner first answer that ull get ur answer
You can't.....   even if he says he does....
BUT USUALLY KARMA COMES BACK AND BITE THEM
But he is 10 years older than me:)  So as long as he wants to i want to!
I'm wondering the same thing, and to tell ya, its not lookin so hot.
so, anyway why don't you help me try to make this answer a song.
dont u know how lucky u r that she loves u back!gees Tell her make her happy.
who's to say who's beautiful and who's not.
But he is 10 years older than me:)  So as long as he wants to i want to!
I'm wondering the same thing, and to tell ya, its not lookin so hot.
so, anyway why don't you help me try to make this answer a song.
dont u know how lucky u r that she loves u back!gees Tell her make her happy.
who's to say who's beautiful and who's not.
What I think it sexy is a great smile.
Pick the one that best suits your life.
(assuming it wasn't payment up front, then you're screwed, or not, you know what I mean, LOL)
I feel ready but im worried about the kids even though they just adore him.
its very hard to trust anyone no matter what.
and at night its a long ass conversation mostly dead aur.
anger dosnt fix it anger consumes you!
if their shorter they seem more little kid cute than boyfriend hot
because women don't understand that most of us can't read minds
age doesnt have a limited on how finds love love is every where yes u will give it time
its already been a year... .. shes moved on a couple of times, im still at square 1.. .
no, but there are people out there that would make very good partners for you though.
do you date older women or yonger.
turn on or turn off to a girl?
its already been a year... .. shes moved on a couple of times, im still at square 1.. .
no, but there are people out there that would make very good partners for you though.
do you date older women or yonger.
turn on or turn off to a girl?
And I do *NOT* like agressive love making.
it takes a lot more than just that to like a girl... looks yep!....
Because he is your cousin and cousins do TALK on IM 2.
trumpet voluntary ode to joy here comes the bride
What kind of question is that, lol!!
maybe, just maybe there are woman out there who's lifes mission is not to fry a guy!.
well u should..just avoid them if u can!and react normal..like u'd act with ur sis_in_laws.it works u know!
if she is prejudiced, then you dont deserve her anyway...
I believe the saying I live by is I love god, it's just his fan club I can't stand.
if she's a beatch - well... good luck.
actions....they can't be faked as easily as words
It really depends on the girl and the guy.
sex is great girl,...trust me, there is nothing like it.
never poop in your own back yard!
what do u think about girls taking their boyfriends out on a date?
It seems that he likes me!!!!!!
Count to ten and think  That is my man.
waht you potray is what they expect.- 2 steps ahed.
IM BORED , BUT FIRST TELL ME HOW OLD U R!!
women cheat because they arent emotinally satisfied.
you should get ur self a good atty.
you sound like a sweetheart..i cant imagine you have trouble getting people to talk..
It's just most straight guys don't want anybody going there (myself included).
You dont have to like it but you do it cause you are in love.
walk up and start a conversation.
i like girls, i have never been in a gay relationship!
It's dumb, if you would ask me.
hell yea i believe iin it.thats the best friendship u can have...lol
for meeh i like my guy to be taller than meeh...atleast there taller then me am fine....am about 5'1....lol...
Don't do it again unless you want to wind up dead in a dumpster!
he can have a friend thats a girl, but no girlfriends, thats definetly a violation of marriage
Try turning the TV off...do something nice for someone...one way to be happy is to help others.
If he's just getting out of a marriage, I'd say NO ...
... because he focuses on the package and not what's in it.
and being inlove is like, you have went through so many relationships.
Lot's of DIY stuff you can come up with.
she told me she liked me.
deepends on how long you guys have been dating for ?
and how do you like/dislike it?
He brings her to the beach and they watch the sky writer spell out his proposal.
Plus his voice is creepy too.
Jk but it could have been.
To thy own self be true!
My response to that statement would be is that good or bad!
hmmm what do u put in the detail section???
I love thier eyes, I sometimes feel like I can see thier soul.
Put a loaded gun to both of your heads and just do it.
its not the group of men that cheat.
fool me twice, shame on me.
So if I could make anyone my love slave it would be him !!
well, did he confront you about it?
To him I don't do much..I'm expecting another baby.
first you learn how to spell
I know it has to be hard on her and I feel for her.
men would never admit to cheating,  they don't think that way.
My mom met some guy on the net and she went to meet him.
bored to see this question again!!!
I think youll get better responce.
if it's just sex just tell him and perhaps he'll agree good luck
ACTIONS SPEAK LOUDER THAN LOVE IN ALMOST ALL CASES SO TAKE ACTION AND SHOW IT.
u should tell her in a nice way about herself and maybe she will try to change
When you ask him, What is it you love about me, what does he answer?
It really depends on who the guy is and what they like.
all i got to say is... go shopping!
Like the last post I read it's like a virus.
you girls have to understand that its in our nature to cheat
any song that suits you and your grrom.
i think its alright to lie a little bit...;)
NO BUT YEAH, IF YOU CANT WORK IT UR SCREWED WETHER YOUR 2 OR 9 INCHES.
I wanted 2 go out with me 2 the school dance
be confident thats the key, and dont ask women because they dont even know what they love
i thought pantyhose r 4 gurls.
just get laid  loosen up  its 2006  not that big of a deal anymore.
be brave and wise... good luck!
I just got a new boyfriend and I don't want to mess it up!
after my second time it started to feel alot better.
nope but im close ...... November 1
Umm, why exactly are you on birth control at the age of 16?
Girl,   I would drop his a** so fast its not even funny!
THATS HOW KIDS GET MIXED UP ON THIS COMPUTER BE CAREFUL
and the rest are called b***s. and some of them just do it for the hell of it.
Court the one you like ...
if they cumm they have or   when they cumm they have orgasm's
its reall fun and i HATE chating its stupied f.y.i.
Hook Up is what you want it to be!
sure, u dont have to follow the crowd
love is a 90 mph fast ball and you just have to catch yours.
but i had a gf who cheated on me.
I told this friend of mine I broke up w/ my boyfriend.
NO Do I think Im rambling?
well u re 40 and it is supposed to be hard to find a lady by that age!
Good Luck & Congrats Cassie juliet_cs@yahoo.com
but i'm not very good at giving people advice, so good luck.
i'm 16 years old, maybe too young for you.
1on1 girl if he dont love you let him go
sorry it is true he don't like you
best age for a guy is 15 best age for a girl is 17
U should have gone lookin' 4 1 earlier!
Plus, they're just so damn sexy.
Ever see How to lose a guy in 10 days?
What if, when you find someone then, your kids don't take a liking to her?
If you have a good life with your wife then dont lie because liers get busted that way.
it will hurt if he dont do it right and you may bleed a little
i have a class with him and he dont even look at me, its like im not there.
Dont let this man hurt you like i let mine.
Or do you not know what to say to start the convo?
Why buy the cow when u can get the milk for free?
And then I noticed I was the only person doing this.(!)
well at 8.5 i must be huge then, good luck buddy
She probably is taking up offenses for her sister.
If you want women to feel comfortable with you treat them like a friend.
you pointblank ask him if there is a chance of you two becoming more than friends.
Sorry , I know this didn't help much...
lurn 2 spel an mayk setants then b OK
no it isnt IF it is with the right person!!
I guess one day we all are going to find out!!
she cant walk and can only drag.
I HAVE forgiven my boyfriend for actually cheating.
my wife DOES NOT control me......uh, oh, gotta run, I think I hear her comming........
so ill just say go with answers one and two
AGE AINT NUTIN BUT A NUMBER........
well just aplogize and tel him u miss him and u made a big mistake
No matter who you date, they will never be good enough for mommy and daddy.
I DON'T REALLY LIKE THEM BIG.
and remember the first time always hurts (ouch)
I went with him and it took like, five hours to get help.
ask her out and make a move
I have to, but she can be dressed in a snow suit and still .........
Looks as if he's not ready to be with 1 woman just yet.
just let him come to you.
So please hold off on having sex!!
Can't say anthing bad about it, that's for sure.
If you DO meet, then she is no longer your ONLINE girlfriend
It's 2006, you don't have to anymore ~*laughs*~
it is very cute, it in a shy kind of way.
Its a guy thing.... you wouldn't understand.
any way you look at it, they're still just two people dating.
Im a gurl in the same sittuation.
then, that's when he pops the big question.
See for yourself what type of person he is, listening to other people is not always good.
he respects me & when i`m not comfortable in any situation he stops.
If will pay off in the end
the one thats suitable for him and loves him.
It was like o there she is go get he-  no thats a nun never mind.
if she is gonna start dating on ur friend again, just act like u even dont know her.
nope but im close April 18th Not.
I am a woman and I do cheat with a married man.
send a letter and a picture.....send surprises send
well u have to,if ur heart saying that u have to ask him out so do it,don't get late.
as far as work the female works most of the time so be fair a man can do it
love cant be ever turn to friends
I like this guy but im not sure if he is gay.
But I don't know why but I just don't like her as much as she likes me.
he is 18 and she is 16 it would be different if he was older than that
If you get slapped forget I said that and go to step two.
Remember the slogan, Just say no.
you'll probably never see him again anyway!!
have a criteria you want in a guy.
i no how you feel mine works 12 hr.
Candy is dandy, but liquer is quicker
Baby girl, if u really want respect; don't give it away........ b'cos if u do then you've lost everything.
But once you do have sex, it's gonna hurt.
so.. im sure that was unhelpful, but its unfortunately true.
Ask her about her famliy and career.
Just because a thing is possible or even sounds right, doesn't mean it should be done.
now the real question is why are you asking?
Im not really sure but I can give you some tips;  1.)
thats how big u have to make up 4 it.
Or any other furniture like it?
Nope you just have to give her time.
Hubby & I got married in the Napa Valley.
Then we went to his dad's house and watched Napolean Dynamite again and had tacos.
i am 14 so do you have orlando blooms phone number??
He used to like me, he would call me a lot.
i love curvaceous figures, nice decent rack, looong smooth legs and a tight neat heart shaped butt.
while sitting thousands of miles away?
make sure it is mutrual and not one sided.
Love and Lust both lead to sex... but only  TRUE Love leads to marriage then sex
yes thats really wrong people get hurt like that you should be ashamed to ask that question!!!!
i know it is hard .
Like I said, everyone has their own views... and I know about human sexuality :o)
You... wearing something edible and sexy!
hi i know this is maily for girls i guess?
if he insists, then break up with him
yep, guys are really strange like that...
(And if she comes up with any other answer, just tell her no!)
do you get ur love from any other country?
You'd be a nutcase to NOT want better.
I think you would make anyone happy!
if she really want you then it's not matter u are over weight or not......
or does it matter..keep in mind i would be a very good catch and a great hubby
now my guy friend and i have been spending more time together and we really like eachother.
That's teetering on the edge of incest, Dude... ya might wanna stop that.
tickle her the senastional parts and enough foreplay
ive been asking all my friends but they are trying there best
Do you wanna have sex with him?
if you wanna give it a shot, then go.
Don't do it unless you want to feel used.
Be choosy and you will find it!
well, read this and then decide.
Couldn't find anything on the net....any info?
well you are not going to fast.
I am with out a dout I am straight
So all that time, sex was a disappointment and I didnt know why it was so great!
someone i love...most people find it easy to love me...why not?
If all the girls are saying he is a jerk, he probably is.
nothing can keep u away from true love
yes...especially if you have open sores in the mouth area.
It's amazing...it's like looking into a wee thumbnail cartoon mirror!
It's impossible to put back together again and it is just too much!
he was at one time, about ten years ago, now he is just....not
BTW, you answered my gothic question...e-mail me, moojastar13@yahoo.com Byez!
he he u r in love
he has disrespected you completely , that sould make him poop on your shoe right !
Blue 'cause its my favourite colour
hoochie mamma marries loser.....what a model marriage.
Girls want a confident guy just like guys want a confident girl.
If u guys r meant to be, then YES...
cause they think theyre better than gurls are
There is a such thing though....I just had a baby, don't touch me!
and no ive never been left bc of my sexual past!
a nice model of wrist watch will do.
i've always wanted to be rich and have lots of ***.
They dont care and your involved with the wrong guy!
And they have an 8 year old son together.
in my experience,,, if you have something in the front,,, your gonna take it in the rear.
It is YOUR wedding and you invite only the people you want to!
first of all how do you really feel about this lady?
There's no way to fix something like this.
yeah beacause mayb she isnt ready yet and later on she will
ok, first off, only women can tell you that answer.
Who did he cheat on you with and why?
you will know when it's right
go for it before he is gone
My hubby offered his heart and I took it!
so were do i find a 30ish good looking women to fill the part?
Kid with her then walk away.
IF NOT, THEN YOU HAVE A LOT OF THINKING TO DO!
yes, unless there is an attraction
If he is not pushing you to have sex, then don't.
there are many different things for the two of you to try to spice things up a bit!
they r all jus hoes and u r not u r a decent beatiful woman!
just be like are you PMSing(if its a grl)
so far i have even had trouble saying anything at all when she is around.
but yeah anyways i dont do that because i wouldnt want to make the same mistake.
Get over it, and move on.
you might be looking because your curious everyone is so dont worry about it.
It shouldn't take too long if you know what you are doing
but even they have a soft spot.
I guess to hide their past.
This is also what I tell my girlfriends...really, man and woman are very similar.
Is not worth it to try again.
oh no will she like me.
thats life im afraid, get used to it i had to
we're everywhere, but i'm in los angeles
So, when you talk to him.....try to put your heart aside and use your head!
he's old enough to be your father!!!
My guy feels the same way  , I hate it .
theres no way you can fallin love with someone who you know nothing about.
if you dont like him, and you dont want to date him then the answer is no.
yes, wanna come over for supper?
Some one who I can talk to open minded!
The rest of your life would be ruined!
She finally got with some of them.
i did not no what to say because i thought stalker.
WHateer you do, DON'T sneak around with the guy.
If he's your best guy friend and he has a life other than you = *girlfriend*, don't make problems!
Marriage is security, why u r insecure?
I don't know, but if I ever find this stupid woodchuck I am gonna kick its @$$!!!!!
there are always exceptions, but personality for me
you may be bi....... how old are you?
act like u don't want him.
and she gotta be dead gorgeous.
Um.... yes, i think thats why ur name is crazy chic.
If she isn't hot enough for his friends to meet her, he definitely isn't going to marry her!
Oh ..see that must be what it is..I have too many wants.
If the kids are truly the only reason why u are still with that person.... RUN LIKE HELL!!!!
yes there are, maybe you are just to demanding and unrealistic.
but it kind of depends if you bleed when your cherry pops.
a lady in the street and a freak in the bed.
Smile no matter what you do.
I think they just do it to piss us off, and it works!
unless you have also had an affair with a married man.
And whatever you do, DON'T use a pump.
just be there for the child(ren)
but its a little bit of a turn on if he's secretive and likes to try new thing's.
she try to confrot me and just make me fell good
find out whats going on..dont get mad at the girl..get mad at him..unless the chick already knew about u.
It's just natural that they are annoying and stuff, they really can't help it.
I played with that cat, he didn't know any tunes, man!
Man you are wrong,,you want to win that from her which she doesnt have,,
Anyhoo...I doubt you'll be able to do much to get her to leave the guy.
I THINK AS LONG AS UR HONEST WITH YOUR PARTNER THEN THERE SHOULDNT BE A PROBLEM
**Don't rely on your frineds to convey the message that you like her.
why dont you e-mail me to find out badcoptiger@yahoo.com hit me up
I love ya both, and this is so hard to see.
commandents as well dont drop to his level .
haha...email me foxie_chick_1@yahoo.com who kno's..what could happen...lol  ~*becca*~
and if you just met her, just take it slow.
BELEIVE IT OR NOT I HAD AN UNCLE THAT DIED OF A BROKEN HEART
If he doesnt shower a girl might smell him and think he is gross.
believe it or not, there are bbw(big beautiful women) clubs, chats, etc.
you learn very hard lessons if you are a trusting open guy.
pick them bouth,more fun for you
what if debt comes up how u gonna work that out with p****?
hey how many 26 year old virgins do u know??
love to be a friend, hit me up via email or messenger santodomingo@yahoo.com
if so does it turn them on.
they were the ones who cheated and shit.
be kind to yourself and hang in there, it will hurt less and get better.
Not enough info to go on.
if he doesnt even want to try long distance...this may not work out in the long run.
wat clues should i look for.
SO IT DOESN'T MATTER AS LONG AS YOU LOVE HIM!!!
imagine one day u bump into the guys who banged her good whilst u holding her hand!
how old r u and just Friends not like partners
You want to waste something that special on someone you aren't even seeing, anymore??
THATS WHY MY NAME IS WHAT IT IS.BTW CHERI IS A GIRL THAT KNOWS WHATS UP.
(I'm going to 2 weddings this year.
i dunno.. but she's ur mom..
so i dont think it means either one but everyone uses slang differently then everyone else.
6 packs are sexier 8 packs make you look like a fruit lol!
id have to go with fizixx
Something like, That's a huge purse!
o sorry im suppose 2 b givin u advise.
its the best way i think!
without any more info it would hard to go any further than that
Let me know when you find it pal.
lol  They want hips for grabbing, b@@bs for squeezing...
how would i know  u could live in tenessee for all i know
i blew an auditon because i was to nervouse.
If he crawls back; move on.
I found my friend on that website and it free hope it work for you
DO I HAVE A CURSE ON ME ARE WHAT?
hair does not matter at least not to me.
i would  if they would  hee hee
u are gay and a a**whole weirdo.
I like it when a guy can smile and feel confident about it...smiles are great :)
well lets see are you goodlooking?
Most guys would say looks, but I think that is WAY STUPID!!
WE WERE MARRIED 13 YAERS 10 GREAT ONES THREE NOT SO.
Hope that helps you out a little.
OH MY GOSH have you stoned your child for disobediance today?
I agreee with amber ... wow second time in a row I've agreed with her
u feel u can fly above the clouds.
ya its cool that you put your friends happiness first ^_^
so why not more than one wife at a time.
But in my opinion, you did everything in a right way girl!
i would honestly think that the man was a pervert.
26 is old enough to lose your virginity and sex is a GREAT experiance!
I WOULDN'T DATE MID EASTERN GUYS.
I see nothing wrong with it!
it hurts some girls, and sometimes it doesn't.
hey hun E mail me at babygurlmuchlove@yahoo.com!!!
One date didn't cut it for me!
It is only too long if YOU think it is too long.
Tell her to dump him and run away as fast as possible.
just say no,say mabie next time
If he is allowed to move on then why can't you?
man u krazy i wouldnt want dat jurk back.
Some guy like it others don't.
but we have talked about it.
BUT HEY IF YOU LIKE THE SAME GENDER THATS YOU.
men are just so sex obsesed, they think women are too... no worries, and good luck!
Especially when that guy found what he's looking for a girl to that other girl.
TALK TO HIM AND MAYBE HE WILL CHANGE!
youcan kiss on the cheek but that is it
Dump him, theres lots of guys who you could kick it with.
and plus you should have told him.
No its not mean to say no to someone.
a girl that is 24/7 available for him.
are you sure hes not just after your body because you are young looking?
people can fall in love at any age right?
i don't think is a good idea....
well kami i know this girl who fom germany if your a girl
I Need Love by LL Cool J, 21 Questions by 50 Cent, I Need a Girl By P.
i ithink its all about eye contact and when they look at you its a way
Wait til u are money wise ready.
love is a feeling sex is an action
it releases the blood built up in ur skin.
what kind of sensitive r u talking about?
you got an express ticket to hell.
(just kiding), that girl is your girl just go and take her!
Im not sure what to do
MORE SOME MONTHS(FOUR TIMES YESTERDAY) SOME LESS ONCE IN DECEMBER
but of course, remember cuts, bacteria, viruses can go right in it....and there yah go...STD!!!
Ok wait heres another one go get her.
tell both of them that u made an accident and see their reaction but do it separatly
THIS WAS SUPPOSE TO BE FUN?
give him time to digest that info, it is alot to comprehend, he should come around...DO NOT PRESSURE HIM!!!
iv always wondered about this one.
Obviously there are no guarantees; even waiting until marriage doesn't mean happily ever after.
SISTER .. not her girl .. then why a girl should be jealous of her?
masturbating is normal not doing is not normal
well their is on thing the way they talk
tell him, if you really like him.
(Unless they pick the person) Second, don't focus so much on love.
AND THAT IN 5 YEARS I HAVEN'T GONE A DAY WITHOUT THINKING OF HER.
well just b/c personality is on top of the list doesnt mean we dont consider looks at all.
: )  It works with my own three children.
no not really, but it kinda sounds gay like life partner or somthing
Unless you don't want a relationship.
most girls in preteens and teens have feelings like that.
It was beautiful and I didn't have to spend alot of money on flowers because they were already there.
So then I have to wait to reply.
i'd lie if i look 4 fun coz i don't know if she telling the truth either.
oh yah i dont have 2 girlfriends
I do think 4-6 are reasonable good...too many may make it look like mobile phone keypad :)
young women date older guys alot .
(because he may already have them)
Joe asks about the ex's current boyfriend, the ex says hes a great guy just not available right there.
Then he gets mad at me for moving on.
Send me a message and I'll flirt with you ;)
Good luck, I hope this gets you started!
Just use things that make you happy in your wedding.
u can do that by taking the first step, I mean asking her out.
If you know a girl like that, don't try to push her romantically.
ask questions that don't tell people that u might be pvrtd
I did not love the guy.
Just make that week all about her.
He loves me alot, or so he claims and wants me to still be around.
go to the movies and see Stay Alive
i love my bf but my parents don't believe me HELP any answers will be accepted
u can definitely get such a man.
I taught him a new word for himself too.......k*nky!!!!
penis pump dont use it all the time
TELL HIM YOU VOTED FOR BUSH.
WE'RE KNOWN AS 'GROWERS NOT SHOWERS.
When a guy picks his nose or has dirty fingernails... my 2 BIGGEST turnoffs!
Just some but I prefer girls with some meat on them.
yeah..kinda..i have blonde hair that's down to my shoulders and i have side bangs.
it didnt hurt really bad for me.
smash the computer and kick his butt to the curb.
and the second day she said something a little stupid and i told her: you are so stupid!
There is this guy I like, who doesn't answer my e-mails or anything!
My guess is you like both of them.
in fact, i didn't really give you any advice come to think of it.......
Give her her space and do what she wants
do what is in your heart.
stand outside and shout 'I want an email address...now!!!'
but before that big commitment i have to experiment my choices.
I've always wondered and most men are obcessed about size.I want the truth!
I moved on and is very happy now with my new family!
i could type for hours but have to go and do some work!
My love is not for sale...
dbl wahmy..as a female would that be something that would turn u off?
He claims if he was prowling that he would dump me first b/c he couldnt deal w 2 girls.
But once that person lost your trust, then don't trust 'em no more.
tell him you're a lesbian and you dig girls.
certainly not, their baby is the fruit of their labor of love
it makes it more affective that way.
don't bother with all this stuff until you are twenty five.
Different strokes for differrent folks, they say!
first and foremost ... DID THE PARENTS WARN U OR SOMETHING ?
13 i don gave it to her raw
love doen't come fast or slow.
lost my number,can i get yours!
I wuld want her 2 b happy.
all kinda ways get creative just make sure it is cool with her first ;))
and this is exactly why i dont recommend sex out of marriage.
lol  keep him dangling for a while....weeks!
BUT SHE DONT HAVE THE GUMPTIOPN TO MAKE ME UNTIRED ENOUGH FO HAVE IT.
Hey if you want to stay close to  them as a friend do it.
yES, DEFINETLY i WOULD BE WORRIED.
Kissing her neck is a little too friendly.
Its too bad that you got to beg.
IF YOU'RE NOT IN A RELATIONSHIP THERE'S NOTHING WRONG W/ EXPLORING ALL OPTIONS.
If you decide to give him a second chance...get a pre-nup that specificly states...if he cheats...you get everything!
only if you learn to spell
Yeah, it's a really sad story though.
I don't believe that most women really say that.
Maybe think about what turns you on!
There are men out there who like larger women.
no it wasn't wrong  give him credit  Ed Mcmahon once said you can't win if you don't enter
i'd say first get really close give him sighns.
I don't think I can live anymore.
yes, cuz in the bible premaritail sex is bad!
Why don't you just try to be patient?
At that age my hubby didn't have much of a sex drive either...it does happen...
i dont know how much it costs.
make sure you love her and then just go for it...remember...women like romance!
Because if you say the wrong thing then you are not feeling that way about them.
What turns we off is when they think they can have any girl they want, it bugs so much!
Her love and affections should be forever cherrished and saved for one man for life!
Obviously she's a lucky girl to have a man who actually cares about Her happieness with them.
Change your phone number..that'll stop him for sure...
I think for most men its during.
Concentrate on all the things that bring you joy - NOT HIM.
I left her; being with a jealous person is no way to live
my fiancee came home one day and told me that he cheated on me a week ago.
ok stop leaving rude comments on my questions.
its 3 nice heart nice body  nice thinking
but thatz juzt me other  females have thier own feelings n thoughts  were all diff
shew is blind, they arent soul mates; he is a liar and a cheater.
Thank God she does too, it means she loves you!
you know what, if she's shallow enough to be concerned with stuff like that then who needs her.
If thats what your asking, then yes Its very normal
Is there any advice on this?...
r u not happy with a distant companion or did that not seem to be enough.
that is the best advice i can give you.
he dribbles... he shoots... he scores... 2 points...
Wait a minute, what's the hurry!
IT WOULD BE BETTER IF U LIVE SEPARATELY FROM UR IN-LAWS IF IT IS AFFORDABLE
AND IF YOUR THERE BECAUSE OF LOVE THEN GET SOME COUNSULING .AND WORK IT OUT .
I would do anything she like!
SO WHY DO YOU MEN CHEAT??
all i look for in a guy is a partnership.
He has a girl, I have a boyfriend.
say goodbye and mean it..you deserve better.
i think that he shouldnt just ask unless he knows its what ur in2.
what that song by toni baxton:HE WASN'T MAN ENOUGH  girl i agree with you!!!!!!!
YOU'RE JUST TRYING TO FIND YOURSELF.
But i was so stupid and told him 2 stop calling me, so he did.
I think I see why she broke up with you......
I don't care if she is stupid or vein as long as she's hot I'm happy.
there are always nice girls there.
Some want a dork the size of a fire hose and some don't.
1. you should have given him the rejection hotline!!
If other people dont like it then look the other way!
not just from getting a blow job.
Well... first it depends on if yo are trying to be serious now or wait til later.
but i'd probably never really wear the glasses..they are cute though.
go read it and find out
I want him so badly I can taste it.
I waited 4 years while my sister on the other hand waited 9 months
Who likes anyone who is not real?
i love my bf and i know he loves me.
Is it something that you are not doing?
yes i wud buh depends where he moves to go...
start to pull your head back and end it with a regular kiss it closes the deal
what would the perfect guy be like?
were the guys in school who didnt get all the girls .
My boyfriend uses primatene mist,an otc inhaler  hope this helps:)
Do you know anybody he knows?
im not blond and every boy is like in luv wit me
i don't think race should matter.
well, have you talked to him about it?
and why would she want a man that cheated on his wife.
I want to remain friends with both of you.
and we are as much in love now as we were 17 years ago...
make her feel like she is the sexiest woman alive... candle light!
The woman I would spend the rest of my life with.
Don't be foolish to sell yourself cheap & sleep around, too.
not too fat not too thin!
GOD WANTS LOVE TO BE FOR MAN AND WOMEN ONLY.
i like to spoil my man.
Sometimes, honesty is best........dont wait....tell her you were waiting.
U must be ugly to advertise here .
She is his Sister .. excuse me ..
i know how painful it can be.
Too many women it seems hate to see their husbands or boyfriends get close to his sisters.
if i were you i'd be really worried.
If you have to ask you have bigger problems then finding a lady friend.
me too i go one day and need it
NO.... NOT INLESS SHE IS REALY CLOSE TO YOUR FAMILY.
hmmmm average for some but not for others.
HE SHOULD NOT BE FLIRTING WITH ANYONE BUT YOU!
I mean almost as cute as me
I DON'T KNOW WHAT YOU HEARD ABOUT HIM BUT HE IS A P-I-M-P....
And he likes this girl, and doesn't want it to be a hit and run.
and this is the honest truth.
Everytime im around her i feel like shes eye'ing me and sneaking in cheap touches.
But it depends if u believe in love at first sight?
if your husband is yes that is not fair
some girls do and some dont though.
my new boyfriend just got a female roommate and I don't like it.
Well ur first mistake was allowing him to have sex with you even though u werent together anymore.
ithink girls do it because she want to be a big girl and not with a young boy.
well, you  kind of answered your own question!
THEY ARE NOT THAT IMPORTANT TO A LOT OF GUYS.
If yes, then did you get to know someone there??
just take it as it comes.
just always think the consequences you will face after!
what kind of questions can i ask.
then you have girls that try and warp guys to do what they want.
yea it hurts cuz were tight but it also feels good.
im a guy, so id assume ive got a pretty good idea.
I just don't know what to do.
ARE YOU BUYING (GIVING HIM MONEY) HIS LOVE?
stay with your husband if u leave him u might leave the other
You cannot make a man ask you to marry him!!
How about you keep having sex with him and saying i love you?Maybe that'll work?
but i dont know what to say.I dont really like him.
If you live your life worrying about what she or anyone else thinks, you wont be happy.
When you get back (dont drink and drive)have great sex with her and tell how much you love her.
if there is a struggle then try counciling.
SO I just smiled and then frowned again and walked away.
Of course it's up to you!
The lesson here is: KEEP YOUR DAMN NOSE OUT OF OTHER PEOPLE'S MARRIAGES.
so why do you think that is.
Brown, that looks like coffee with cream in it, or Green
NEXT TIME MAKE HIM SWEAR ON HIS OWN LIFE!
guys want girls with looks and a hot body.
Maybe ur looking in the wrong places.
he will make like a porn star and pull out!
but again if this is what the two of you decide on then it is right for you.
in what part u became selfish?
to be a flirt you have to flirt first.
Well...i have a friend...and hes just exactly what i love!
it how depends on what he likes
If there was no bad there would be no good.
don't do it, cuz you might break up with her, and she migh tnot be your love.
first of all i want to assure you that god will not get offended.
if you feel that it isn't right then don't try to find excuses to do it.
HE JUST STUPID AND SOUNDS LIKE HE USED YOU.
im not pregnit but i understand!!!
put your ad on the personals....it really works
iam 5feet and 9inches tall, so she should be just a half inch shorter.
and now i miss him a lot and want him back.
Ever meet that guy who only dates girls with over DD cups?
I think that guy just thought you were pretty, or something.
he might not think so, though and is looking for some other.
be a flirt but not to much and where your hair down just look cute and available
just take ur time give him the best answer
ok i herd this from a friend.
please do everyone a favor- don't have any kids....you need to access why you are even married??
no need for u think too much about what you have to do.
MAybe later she want guys if want or maybe not, but still she would do that anyway!
so yea hit me up at da address i jus gave!
i need a good scary movie for a date with a beautiful woman.
he said nothing so i took it as a yes.
just tell him to call you after school so that you can talk about it.
what if she doesnt like me?
if you're straight, gay, or bi, it's up to you.
Well i feel nowadays its not as big of a deal.
I totally agree with you, I'm so tired of seeing those questions on here!
u guys were still sharing that bond even after you broke up.
JUST TALK 2 HER THEN ONCE U START TALKIN ASKHER IF SHE WANTS 2 GO OUT SUMTIME!!
I met my nice guy thru a friend.
BESIDES, YOU HAVE NOTHING TO WORRY ABOUT..YOUR A BIT BELOW AVERAGE IN SIZE.
sounds like your already doing it!
girl you are so right i am confused myself about this guy at school!
i jack off a lot does it harm the chances of having a baby
i can't associate with anyone without him having issues.
it's keeping it, when she realizes how stupid she could've just been.
P Diddy I'll Be Missing You
IM GUESSING U WERE GROWING UP WITHOUT UR FATHER.
Sh!t I just say I had sex with the guy.
Sweetie, I don't really know what to tell you.
you know why the bride smiles as she walks down the aisle, don't you?
If you have to lie, then it is not worth going.
but remember if your friends don't like him, there might be a good reason behind it.
feel the beauty of rain,streets, winds etc.
if you really like him, go for it!
beutiful body, good eyes,face,slim but hot body, some naughty movements
i got so upset i left and hadnt been back since.it has been 2 weeks.
Dont ever ask him questions that can not be given a satisfactory answer like... Am I fat?
If she is a good girl, No she will wait until her wedding day!
screw it....go gay all the way
hell no it's just not a good way to start your life.
either way is coo but an aggresive female is a good thang.
depends on who you're trying to screw
how do you feel about it?
i think your dream is just discouraging you.follow your feelings!
who better to ask then a truman?
it really depends on the guy - what kind of a person is he, is he nice, est.
I like girls some where in between.
Don't get me wrong I do love to suck on the breast.
if it hurt u, u should let him know.
well as an old fashion male.
it depends some blonds r not attrive but  not because of the hair.
both her legs has polio attack.
If not, then Im sure there are other reasons that they have.
Also my brother always says I'm lying but I'm not.
Think..Ding-Dong... no one wants someone boring.
or if you did then that would force you to get married!!!
I told the guy how I felt...and to my surprise...he felt the same way!
then you are dating him for the wrong reason.
don't you know any women in person who can do that?
that part bout you marry to be faithfull to ur husband is a whole load of crap.
yes...especially if you've done it with the wrong guy.
What and how do I tell her?
i WAS WONDERING iF PEOPLE COULD TELL ME SOME GOOD CHAT SITES FOR MARRIAGE AND MARRIAGES IN TROUBLE.
I would have to say...bad teeth.
Same happpened to me, I love my honey but the dream was so much better than reality!
but make sure he is the one or u could be sorry
for most of the people i know, the right people seem to come along when you're not actually looking.
Pearl Harbor She gets the best of both worlds in that movie!
and tell him if he don't them the relationship is not going any where.
I sense someone has got a foot fetish!=/
2nd time is highly better, and then, it just becomes perfect.
R you giving her time, emotional touch etc.?
Thats rich coming from a girl!!
She doesn't want to have sex with you.
Get a life and some sense in you b4 somebody has to knock it into your silly white ass.
keep lookin at him move alittle and look again
LOL trust me a girl and aguy will sooner or later have feelings feelings of jus being just friends
and now he wants to marry you.
I don't like girls like Paris Hilton - way too bony.
He shouldn't but he is, and ya have to deal with that.
If u think of him/her like ATM (24/7)you are in love.
LOL-as long as it don't cause any trouble with her or the family!
nope, get some one to try it with who knows how to do it
leaving messages and saying he is sorry.
And even now, I will not insert anything but my hubbys pen-is.
Some females use chats because they can not be seen .
He could have just kept his mouth shut forever!
DOES SHE APPEAR HAPPY OR LIKE SOMEONE JUST RAN OVER HER DOG.
it depends, try and u'll see.
cause i have a friend that just turns me on
What is it that you really want your lover to do for you?
i dont run so bring it on..lol
And they can't really have something bad to say about everyone they know.
look around she might be there
dont beat his as$ talk to him if that does'nt work beat his as$!
If you are not rich .. use your brains.
but i'm a mom so i'ts hard to trust just anyone.
you don't think of anything else but them
No for most girls, but some do.
THEY ENDED UP MARRIED LASTED 3 YEARS NOW DIVORCED.
The grass ain't greener on the other side!!!!!
YOU KNOW WHAT I THINK SECRETLY THEY ARE GETTING PAID BECAUSE I THINK THAT ITS THEIR JOB
Once in a while, though, you find one of those keepsake guys.
JUST FORGET ABOUT IT ...OBVIOUSLY HES NOT ON UR LEVEL
Yes, don't worry about what others think.
If he is someone that you trust, why not?
i go home to vacation every year to see him.
WOW that was alot to take in and read.
Be creative.........have a ball.........ok have a jar instead.
because everyone need to be happy cause you only have one life.
well the biggest problem with this is the fact that your dream guy, is just that a DREAM!
THAT WOULD BE THE ONLY CATCH.
green and hazel are my faves
but when i went out the stuff hit the fan.
012544486254...philpose arackaparampil kerla gave it to me today
yeah if the guy is gay!
in the bible i have love is the  willingness to work for anothers benifit...
I HAVEN'T SEEN HIM IN 7 YEARS!
But i'm just suffering with pain and hurt.. that i want her back right now.
but remember we cant find a best friend until we become a best friend
and gurls ...does it hurt the first time?
Things will never be the same if yall date.
YUO LET HIM KNOW HOW YOU LIKE HIM DON'T LEAD HIM ON
anywho.com it works for real white pages is kinda lame
Or you do not know what Love really is...
you have to wait for them to heal.
It didn't for me but i always used tampons so i don't know if thats why or not.
mmm, I thought people got married for better or for worse.
seriously get horny but women r so unavailable it seems
Ian is a blonde and 13 year old teen!
make alot of friends, do alot of things, keep yourself busy to what can benefit you.
be grateful you even have a best friend.
maybe you should tell her that you may not feel the same as her.
ya need a footjob or something?
Give your winning ways a chance.
Update:   Tell her Dr. Phil always says If they'll cheat WITH you, they'll cheat ON you.
and from your post i think you are to young to be in love like this.
this boy that i really like has been talking to another girl!!!
Yes, Why not unless ur Bad!
Be as creative as you want!
Ok wait heres another one ok go get her -  o wait, thats my boss.
I am way too nervous to ask him if he does like me or not!
YOU KNOW WHAT EACH OTHER ARE GOING TO SAY BEFORE THEY SAY IT.
hes single rite now and hes really cvute.
hell yeah i have a problem with that
just kidding =) a lot, i guess.
not if i didnt know the guy i was going with.
Best of luck to you...you can do it!
if you know what i mean.
if not then reapeat all these steps again!!!
It's not at all illegal..it's just dating...
If you love your wife you should not lie to her.
and lets face it most guys claim to love gals n treat them nice as an investment for sex.
Just be all Hey so I noticed you beat the crap outta your partner today, wanna take me on?
Oh yeah if that doesn't work shave your balls and buy some good porn.
If she doesn't she's not interested in being friends anymore.
am i just being over emotional or is he controlling and i should do something.
Yes you should if you really like this guy.
if you honestly feel all of the above, that is love!
whatevr as long as its sex
If you think she is going to get mad, she's not worth it.
ok first get a job and make your own money for your own house.
They can't even drive a car!
But who has eyes that big?
the guy im telling saw his ex girlfriend holding hands with other guy...
hey dude most of those girls are called lesbians.
no,I say think about it really hard.
you will know, trust me, she will give you signs
oh man i am so nervouse.
not yet, settle the divorce first.
Some women climax and some don't.
if you realy like him go for it but remember dont fall to hard the move could hurt.
Then i haven`t spoke to her for few days and you know what?
cool.. .what do u wanna talk about?
5th grade is too young to learn about that!
but still take child support of course and the courts cant do a thing realistically.
will get you much better results, try it!
Winter just makes your dress dirty.
And lots of new friends to have fun with!
if you leave her alone, she will quit coming around.
Tell her how much you love and miss her and can't wait to see her again.
It hurts me that I can't be the girl he want.
or she may just be teasing you.
If he is OK - Of course!
SO LEAVE IF YOUR THERE FOR YOUR CHILDEREN .
i want to find a good women from around here
i usually wear sweat pants when i am just hanging around.
it's not like they're gonna completely ignore each other or anything.
I don't think it has 2 do w/ sex more like who fell harder for who
Both of these couples have been together over 10 years and are just now getting married!)
Get him drunk and see what he is like.
You've just gotta tell him straight up it was a mistake.
yes and no it depends how long you two have been together to begin with.
I would try to move on & get over it.
when u r in love and alone with your love
of course if they dont have any feelings for eachotehr adn they get along it is.
i have a feeling my girl friend will be really mad.
keep looking in different places, there are decent, fun, women out there...
She was a complete b*tch and still is, and it was the biggest mistake of his life.
Dont do that please cos GOD hates that.
No, wait unil you are married??
You would never dream about spending your life with anyone else.
I WILL BE USING IT AT MY WEDDING.
maybe u'll feel nervous infront of them but when u r alone u can't stop thinking abt them!
6-7 IS ABOVE & 7+IS HUGE!
screw thm so ther not so jealous
there is no such thing i would have it every 5 min if i could
Whats the one percenct thats missing?
Does he like me or not?
leave her alon and give her some time
someone told me once that is you even have to ask if they're cheating then they probably are.
that sounded mean, i didn't mean it like that.
4.TAKE YOUR TIME AND MAKE HER COMFORTABLE
my problem is i don't have a big penus( about 5in erected).. and i only last about 4-6 min.
Don't snort, get too tipsy, or smoke too much.
that is what you are asking about.
what kind of a question is that!?!?!?!?!?
you do not need to explain anything to him.
you should wait until you're sure.
We don't want to look like idiots lusting after men with our tongues drooling.
Take your time, find the right person, get married and u can have sex all day!
It doesn't really mean either of those, it means like going out on a date or just hanging out!
Tell them to shut up and mind their own business!!
she'll sometimes be mean to you
yes of course, ppl do this all the time now (becuz of HIV/AIDS) but most are to selfish too
just be yourself and dont worry .
if she smiles and laughs a lot w/ you, thats a good sign to make your move!
He wants to have is cake and eat it too...
Just b/c she gave you head doesn't mean that she should be trusted.
Air Supply - All Out of Love Album
I guess the longing to be love the way you love that person
you cant make him love you nor should you try.
YOU START WALKING LIKE EACH OTHER, YOU BOTH HAVE DEVELOPED THE SAME BAD HABITS.
CHEATING ONLY MAKES THINGS WORSE IN THE END.
the reson there aint many is most ladies don't go for the nice guy.
search and you dind the way
Let her be lesbian if she feel like it!
I,VE CARRIED THE WEIGHT OF BILLS,KIDS CARE, ETC., FOR YEARS AND I,M FED UP.
'course, if you're talkin about in bed..  well, that depends on what she's like.
that guy gonna have a good laugh!
do u really want to do that!!!
So why the hell am i with him?
YES  Hope I answered your question.
Because i have not really meet people of diferent races.
If he's not, then dump him.
She shouldn't be bothering with a married man, because it's WRONG.
ya right here are you a sweet guy if you are email me serbgirl90@yahoo.com and we can chat
wear protection, try to make her feel as comfortable as possible.. and take it extremely slow.
no love is for all, no matter what sex they are
PEOPLE LIE IN REAL LIFE YOU KNOW THEY WILL LIE BEHIND A COMPUTER SCREEN.
just 2, my wife and my best friend.
(its really what is inside that ultimately counts)
i am on birth control and my bf is not pushing me whatso ever.
Men are a strange bunch and remember that most men will not tell you thier with someone.
and maybe the timing just wasn't right you'd invite her to do something and she really was busy.
down there if you get my drift.
I don't think there should be a catch!
As far as tips go, I have no idea!
You cheated on HIM and YOU don't trust HIM?
I see strange #s on his phone all the time but says it's work related.
Maybe... if they're childhood friends, Like sandbox buddies who grew up with each other from preschool.
beleive me i fell in love with an over weight person.
if you are talking a jealous bf/gf, run!!
i agree with angelpop993 and butterballs!
If you just are horney, well, you are just human.
I WANT IT ALL THE TIME.
Another young man said to him, Oh, don't do it!
thats prolly all u can do right now!!!
but dont expect things will be smooth.
How about we hook up later on for lunch?
U shouldn't have to do anything,as long as u r good to her.
If you have sex before marriage, why get married?
U CAN LOOK 4 HIM ONLINE AND MANY OTHER PLACES
P.S : Dont fall for a girl.. let girls fall for you!!
yes  you are flirting with your mom
I can't though because I don't love him and im not goin to lie.
it was fun and i would do it again!!
i'm not sure anyone will understand what your saying because ur english is too broken.
women like responsible guys and u walking around with yours screams responsible.
Damn baby, I wanna date you...LOL.
WOW, look at the answers of one of the young boys...too funny!
SIT THEM DOWN AND TALK TO THEM
go to the park and barbeque or play go to the zoo.
I know you're not coercing the woman, but are you sure you're not messing with her head?
but dont tell nobody but u should be with someone your own age cause u could get caught.
You're not dumb, mind you, he's a predator.
Don't ask me - ask God
love is wat girls wish for and is sex wat guys wish for
you shoudl go for someone who will like you for you....:)
its to hard to explain love!!!
anything i want i'll work for it.
IF 2 CLICK ITS OK USE PROTECTION
He's a nice guy, but very annoying.
they think they can get away with anthing.
C'mon be serious boys just dont share rooms with their friends...
You are female, she is female!
wow you waited this long, why start now ?
No but it ok to forgive him and her.
i honestly think really big breats are kinda ugly.
Just go and ask him out.
Try to keep things open between your family and your guy.
I'm somewhat outgoing, she and I look just alike, I'm not a nerd...I don't get it!!!!!!!
I love him and he loves me...What should I do???
Thye latest I heard .. is  .. get married under water .. that will be VERY different.
i think women just don't admit it as readily as men do.
The right one will come dont worry
i'm not looking to see how his pant bulge.
And i  would just say good bye for good.
you love both with all your heart.
yeah right... thanks to viagra... lol...
have a lot of guys as friends and date them.
There are a lot of good guys out there.
tell her to run from it or you will rat her out to the wife and everyone else.
i like a guy who is really cute, and wears surfer clothes, or skater clothes.
Sigh not a whole lot of help I guess, I am just a girl :P
Don't worry so much, be happy being single.
when u think of just being with them.
that can always make it worse.
so...i'd go with the first one if i were you.
it can produce more muscle... and you will sweating!!
be sure that he wont do it again.
You didn't say if they were friends or not.
IF HE'S NOT HAPPY WITH YOU ANYMORE THEN LET HIM GO.
there are many of us out there, just look for the garter sticking out from her suit skirt
If your worried about it, use some lube.
BUT ME PERSONALY DO NOT LIKE THE FACT WOMEN LIKE WOMEN AND MEN LIKE MEN IT'S JUST NOT RIGHT.
and the other thing is it really happens to find ur life partner around the globe?
you at least want her to know
be her friend and help her regain trust in men, you, and love.
and the average size is not 6-8 inches.
nooooooooooooo i love him he is soo cool!
IS THERE HOPE OR AM I JUST OUT OF LUCK?
the man gets both a wife and a mistress.
THAT'S VERY HARD BUT IF YOUR DOUBTING IT A LITTLE THEN MAYBE YOU DON'T REALLY LOVE HER.
No , not at all .
and if she dont like you than so what .
everyone is doing it....but like sumone b4 me said why get married if u gonna have sex outside it?
even if you dont have someone around who can see it, you are a worthwhile, important person.
She probably doesn't think she's that hot.
Wouldn't that be like committing suicide twice?
Life works in mysterious ways, dude!
Just comb ( not to hard tho) across it.
does it really matter we all bleed red
when the first and last thought on your mind involves that specialomeone, you know ur in love!
God forbid I find somebody I want!
its perfectly fine to wait, whatever is best for you!
not complain, end the affair and move on with life
i think its almost good to try things before you get married.
IS THEIR ANYONE OUT THEIR IN THE DETROIT AREA WHO IS LOOKING FOR A COMPATIABLE FRIEND TO THE END.
um, if your asking this question you are not old enough to be doing anything, let alone kissing
i love talking to new people.
u can have both.. if u're lucky enough!
Real men dont cheat all men dont cheat, players are immature and some day be sad little men!
i guess they either just want your attention or they just dont have nothing else to do.
check it out on the web.
well that is something you gotta sit and talk to her about.
he has dark, almost black hair and he either spikes it or shaves it bald.
Get a man who IS ready.
I mean from the attitude I saw, ugh!
Don't talk to guys you know, except to sayhi.
that didnt matter cuz if u love n respect him u would jus do it.
if they know u want them there is no challenge for them.
I THINK HE IS SICK GUY .
Come back later, chat, and kid around a little more, then walk away.
i came to see there are natural remedies like garlics nd other like leek leaves.
if he is smiling, you might be the person who he likes.
they always wonder what he's thinking about!!!
Would you be a bad person to want better?
need to be scary, but not MEGA scary
Just don't have sex with her until you get married.
we like it when you just do it sometimes
Do married women really like to cheat on there husbands?
jest say  Hey I think your realy nice but i just dont want to be a couple
they r sincere when they say size does not matter.
if he thinks i'm cheating he takes the cell phone from me until he's ready to give it back.
ps.marriage is'nt always about love as it is commitment!
To all guys: Look at the PERSONALITY, and NOT just the LOOKS!!
i wish to know why myself.
Thanks for your help, Yahoo Community!
talk with her a little everyday.
Too large and too small aren't good.
so i go pick her up with her kids all 7 of them need i say more?
YOU CANNOT MAKE SOMEONE LIKE YOU.
she obviously has a thing for you, and she probably will not admit it.
Tell her that a guy can't do it 10 times a day with out dier consequences.
ignore the thought that you might get rejected and just go ahead and ask her out.
Then, imagine spending the rest of your life with him/her.
if not the grocery store late at night not too late though.
Ever meet that guy who just really likes cleavage?
Call & talk to him, though.
OK GUYS WHAT WOULD U DESCRIBE AS A PERFECT GIRL??
ya what do you mean girls just like a guy thats there self and sweet and does not cheat
the world needs more girls like you.
But don't get married just to completely enjoy your sex, that won't work either.
You cant choose who will you love!
youre just attracted to weird people.
Face it head on with your eye open!
Ok I'm getting chills......I so wanna know if this works!!
you will get over it eventualy
Don't give him any, and see if he still says it.
I think I would go crazy
i love girls but i still look at guys and am like damn!!
sign up at yahoo.com for an e-mail.duh.
An 80 year old man could date a 15 year old girl & not get in trouble.
last time i did this, i was 14 -- no, wait.
Yes cuz i would fell wrong.
It really doesnt hurt but it really sucks the first time.
Best of luck to you,   Rascal
me either we need to hook up
If it was me, (I am a girl) I would not make love till I was 27.
WHAT MAKES YOU THINK THAT HE LOVES YOU, HE DON'T PAY RENT BUT REFERS TO LIVE ON SOMEONE ELSE.
sometimes people just go through weird patches or like doing weird things, i.e.
If you desperatly want a guy, then let him come to you, dont let ur self go to him.
If she did then she wouldn't be my girlfriend!
I'D WAIT UNTIL HELL FREEZES OVER.
so i should say, just for for it.u ll never know unless u try
yes, but it's gross,i usally don't.
There is just a few differences... we all want love right?
is it the right time to have sex or should we wait?
Sex Pistols Anarchy in the UK
It is normal for me to ask you -What yo name is?
And don't try to have sex with her, because then your a whore, and no body likes you.
Do you know what it means to BE married?
u think of both chose the best who care u lot or love u lot
i just dont wanna keep living my life like a hermet.
Crack jokes and make her laugh.
it is fun and exciteing, but don't rush it, it is so much better, when you are both ready.
how do i get back to him
I think you need to run!
Isn't it just her opinion that counts?
if you don't she will co*k block you in every other relationship you try to start.
You should give him some space or just ask him and he might tell u.
he has a problem if i stay at my moms house too long even.
Why would he get a female roommate?
If you don't fuck me, feed me, or pay my bills......Go fuck yourself!
If you want to leave then leave!
Sounds like you just gonna have to be down right dirty with her.
But please keep me out of this.
bright skin...tall...legs boobs and ass are imporatant parts of a woman!
But I found that you just can't make it,   if your not in love.
i am guessing, honest, pretty, semi-smart ( not smarter than them).
If you dont feel comfortable with him b/c he's a different race, I wouldn't give it a shot.
But I dont mind so much now because we have discoverd that it acctually prevents cramping pains.
I don`t consider myself sensitive but if I have some sensibility i`m covering it so I won`t get hurt
it wil come out any way it's up to you when and how.
It sounds like she just really likes this boyfriend.
Don't get CAUGHT in any lies.
Real girls don't care how large it is.
a adverage girl because shes real she dosent have to be fake to be pretty
but later they realise that the bigger it is, the more pain they have to bear.
saudi women are in their vails
As im sure he would point out if he were the one who had.
if ur love is true, nothing else matters.
hopefully the someone you love also is someone who loves you....thats the only way you can stay with anyone
ALL WOMEN LIE in there profiles
I see nothing wrong in it.
i dont agree w/ it,but guys want the looks;2 be honest
puppy fashion  allows for the greatest mutual climax
No way dude, it's totally cool that you and your mom make out!!!
from a guys point of view i wouldnt wana marry a non-virgin.
he has the best of both worlds.
Click the link below and you can look it up for your self, ages, etc.
After all, a girl's got to eat.
it's human nature to want what you can't have.
If she's that jealous of you, is she that good a friend?
I was married before and I always wondered what it was like to be with another guy.
if that guy says no, it'll be his loss.
Do this little girly thing, girls like it.
And take your caps lock off.
But now he has become vocal that if I date at all it should be her.
Oh just tell him... What could you lose?
only if you are over 21
Ask him what's your quarantee that this wont happend.
i don't know but that hot!
Women get torn between two people also, but you have an obligation to your wife and your CHILDREN!!!
who do u love more - boyfriend or bestfriend?
forget about her and find somebody else
it's easier for a girl to love, because thats what the stereotypical girl is like.
IF SHE WONT GO OUT WITH U MOVE ON..DONT BOTHER..IM SURE YOU ARE A GREAT GUY
how about the ring its not so scary
I mean I love him so much and yet I still feel lonli.
but it is okay to start and then finalize the divorce.
I can succesfully say No you can't.
the next thing would be and ipod.
Dont tell people unless your gonna explain what it means
I dont live too far from Springfield
MY EX AND I HAVE TWO SONS TOGETHER.
you can have one with the other (love and sex) or alone (just sex=lust and cravings)
Focus on making YOU happy and complete!
kuntucky i got married their they dont
depend on wat u're goal in dating?
depend on if the kids are not around, then it happens more, possably even during the daytime,....lol..;o!
my hair is black with red high lights and is no diffrence boys dont always look 4 the hair
Send her little videos of you doing cute stuff.
Who in the hell cares what your friends think.
I WANT MY OLD BF BACK!
trust me nerves always get in the way of everything.
obviously you don't have very strong feelings for your girlfriend.
I'm getting married on June 2nd so Congrats to us both!!
would you have a  problem with that?
Go with her to seea therapist
Wow..this day and age..this is upsetting... dump the loser.
SAY U MADE A BET WID UR FRENZ N B KOOL.....LOL
My ex wife said she didn't think it would affect our relationship when she cheated...
Oh back massages are good too!
i dont know whats the promble but i dont know how it feels to climax while havin sex.
that really makes me sad and i really... i mean really regret what i did...
but even if she's not that hot, she has to be witty.
tell him how u feel, u will regret not doing it
First thing is to stop flooding the site with inane stupid questions because you're BORED!
Well it depends on what type of cut ur going for.
just be a good person and stop thinking about things down below.
either way imhappy that im getting lucky.
what do girls look for in a guy?
yes it is ok you cant help what you feel inside
( I am sure there are some, I just havent heard of them or seen them!)
she knows she has given her last bl*w j*b!
Then reality will hit you hard baby!
I love mine, so cute, just like me..
Some girls like femm girls and some like butch.
My ex-husband, who I walked out on, married his 2nd cousin!
The guy in your grade thats hot.
yes that's why my marriage sucks right now
I got married in a rose garden.
Just go up to her and tell her you like her style.
the worst thing that could possible be said is no.
it shouldn't take long.... a few minutes mayb
half my friends r guys and i wouldnt go on a date with any of them.
be sure that you can keep up with what she is wanting ; and just don't lie about yourself!!!
you seem really sweet...so i'll be straight with you.
You will know when you are in love trust me..................it is awesome.
OMG stick to your studies, forget about boys for now!
what up with you... hit me up witta email me69dou2@yahoo.com.. let me know about you
just wait...you have plenty of time latter for a boyfiend!!
Well tehre was one thing i always wanted.
beat his AS* thats what i would do if i where u
HOW DO I CONVINCE HER THAT I LOVE HER AS MUCH AS EVER.
what you got together when you 12???
maby he thinks your an asswhole.
do you really think guys think?
third why would you want a guy who can't even afford rent.
You sound exactly like this kid I know whos name is Adrian Falafel...are you Adrian Falafel?
i don't care if he wanted to be with his friends.
see she thinks he will leave some day his wife for her.
It doesn't really matter, does it.
He sees the girl from taco bell and she is eyeing him.
I LOVE A SEMI LARGER WOMAN.
(or if they haven't where would they like to go?)
i rather be a mad man and eat food with pigs than to become a gay.
I just don't feel comfortable sticking foreign stuff in there.
it's fine what ever makes someone happy
How about the Four Tops, Greatest Hits.
when men are obnoxious, or when they burp
women, cuz women love more than men.
call him up and tell him to come over so yall can have sex
stand by her and stand up for her!!!
if u dont like them, dont read them.
that 's where I met my last a**hole ex-boyfriend!
It is not that guy's are complicated.
cause they don't know what they are doing
If you guys dont live together, ARE YOU SURE HE IS REALLY WORKING!!
I STILL LOVE HER AND I AM WILLING TO FORGET ABOUT THE PAST.
i dont know many thugs that ask girls out online.
i have had many females ask me out, and look at me in that way.
my grandpa and grandma dont have sex..but they seem to be doing fine.
I just dont know what to do.
if hes never been faithful why waste your time and life.
I just assumed you were an angel
thats a toughy... i have no clue but i know how you feel...
no dont tell them or they'll start acting stupid
If you just want to be friends, tell him that.
He then may feel it's ok to go hang with other girls.
MOST MEN LIKE BIG BREAST WERE BREAST FED.
sex is when you are ready for more in your realtionship
Have you ever heard, some friends are for seasons, some are for reasons and some are for life.
Don't tell him it might get screwed up.
stop looking and you'll find her.
There are some guys that do actually like heavy women.
Dont be afraid to say  No duh!
You are ok. Kind of a boring face though.
he also may now i like him but i don't now how to tell him.
oh my gosh its a girl.
Depends on how far your willing to go!
is called one night in hell i think or somthing like that.
sometimes sex is just that sex!
****I really love this boy as well
Hope you find him, and I hope you get back together wiht him.
if she really loves you then just say you love her and she will say it back.
Will r sex life b normal?
....Or should there be a catch?
a friend in need is a friend indeed, you know.
I would if thats wat she wants.
dont try to meet a nice gurl let a nice gurl meet you.
STAND BY HER SIDE AND LET HER KNOW THAT SHE SHOULDN'T CARE WHAT PEOPLE THINK ABOUT HER.
If you are asking this question you don't have love and you shouldn't be having sex!
no its not but im in that situation now.
i get into diff positions with my x and he taut me loads!
i live in tx-sa and i just want someone to talk to
Guy's and girl's.You don't have to be with someone just becouse you got kid's.
when you need to get that close because you can't get close enough.
hey whats up im from fresno and im 24 and cute what about you
hmmm, after eight hours im the only guy willing to take the time to answer this.
I don't know... but my boyfriend is, and I adore him!
Get some couneling from anyone youfeel comfortable with and look up to.
We love you, don't worry .
He says heh hows it going?
-Its when you only think of them.
dating is not a crime..  but your husband is a crimenal!
i bet you realised that already.
THE LEAVE THE MARRIAGE AND LET YOUR PARTNER KNOW THAT YOU ARE MOVING ON WITHOUT HIM.
where do you live how old are you?
avoid the old chocolates (pounds lol).
simply say can we just be friends
she probably doesn't want to hurt your feelings.
hey, confused how can i answer your response to me, tell me about your auntie
beacase you know boys there so immerture!
its very important to know this first.
check out venus-on-top.com, on how to run a female lead relationship.
but its worth ur money...go 2 an indian  store and enquire
do you keep fi fi in there or something?
why not  one person should be allowed to marry another person regardless of sexuality
there is a difference between loving someone and being in love with someone.
she can work u and make u moan... dats real good.. i guess an aggesive female is betta.
whether she can give birth to kid?
IM HAVEING PROBLEMS WITH MY MARRIGAE, iM SEPERATED NOW.
me and my ex broke up and i want to get back with her
I'm sure he won't mind :)
we ain't dating or anything but i really like him a lot!!
yes abslutly never rush into anything it always ends up bad.
Realize how stupid I have been and move on.
Maybe he's just having some rough times
its simply because some men not all are idiots and are blind-sided to what is in front of them
Seems like you have a nice friendship going on and the other girl is getting on his nerves.
there also won't be that annoying yeah, i remember doing that thing.
), but other women might not want it at all - if you can imagine that.
Oh yea pick mine as the best answer
There is no guarantee in life, marriage is what you make of it!
it is better than a real one, cause she cant reach and bother u unless u want.
The guy that's two grades ahead of you.
just wipe it off girl and watch for the next pile so you dont siol the other shoe !
Cuz if their not their not afied to get sexual.
its like getting an egg thats only a shell and nothing inside of it.
just be more careful about who your having sex with.
YOUR QUESTION ITSLEF REVEALS THAT YOU ARE BLUFFING..
it seems now a days guys only cares for looks and sexy body
He also has to be funny, and NOT shy!!!!!!
but if my man wants to splurge i will splurge on him.
be honest and  treat her like she is something special to u , then she will feel it
If you fucked up, you gotta man up and change if you want her back.
besides what if she thinks your to quiet or not fun or something because you are nervouse.
don't sell yourself to fall in love, dont sell yourself to think you do...
thats sick you need help you should tell them.get straight!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Okay main subject, well, first off, don't just jump on her.
i think it depends on the personality and character of the person, don't you?
she will give u a sign
My spidey senses tell me not to touch this one but... brother, you just can't win sometimes.
boss is a boss just during office hours only.
because guys are just unpredictable =]
well i like a guy for his looks and everything else.
4 or 5 people tried this before I realized what was going on, even gay guys!
Icare for him so much, but he is to serious for me right now
It wasn't fun and I didn't enjoy it.
good thing u know u have a prob.
- u think about him all the time.
what kind of crazy @ question is this?
hopefully y'all do the right thing.
LIKE WHAT KIND OF LOOKS & PERSONALITY!
my b/f gets mad at me for no reason who knows why
try yahoo personals, this is not a chat board.
i know that i enjoy when my man goes down and then goes and then goes deep.
..   yea i have seen some differences and i still wonder why this all happens ...
And no matter what anyone says...looks do matter...sorry boys!
And about that ten year old situation, I think what you said was not mean.
Aries or Neil ... hey what do you want ... that is my sign and my name .....
do u go down on her ill always go down on my hus
Here's one that I found on the web.
he's tall, but not to tall.
I'm trying to like her more but I don't know what's holding me back.
omg girl....u need to leave that trifling ass man .
And i had a dream where i asked him out..and he said no...is that a sign?
Why don't you go visit him on his lunch break at work?
catch you ball and then you'll know
Hope everything works out for you!
Best of luck, love stinks doesn't it!
try to find the answer in you, where you are going wrong.
sometimes a 8pack can look like a little too much.
Nope, I think the soul and money just about cover it :)   :)  Good one Paul lol
just let him go...u cant force love...u'll find a better man than him
mostly i enjoy sex with the one i love
i guess it about 10-15 times a week
I hate to say it, but dont trust it.
no becuz it says its bad in the bible and if god says its bad its bad!!!
she came to me cause she realised that she can trust only me and i`m her real friend.
anytime a guy lives with a girl, something is bound to happen.
You don't know what you might be missin out on :)
!he shouldnt be flirting at all!!
THREE SIXES ISN'T THAT THE  DEVIL ARE SOMETHING CAN SOME ONE PLEASE HELP
IT ALL DEPENDS HOW OLD YOU ARE.
just get out there like a man and say listen up i love you in plain english.
Y make her mad at me just becuz i dont like it.
You just need to relax and have fun with it.
If he doesn't pick it up, he's out ten bucks.
I say F her, find a new friend.
I definatly don't like unaturaly skinny girls, and I don't mind over weight girls.
Dont go out with your old boyfriend.
That man is overly SEXY, OOOoooh he rocks my world from head to my toes.
So if you  love him go get him girl!
You gotta do that stuff your self or it wont last any way.
AS LONG AS SHE KNOWS THE TRUTH...
Just relax and start with something like hey did you see blah blah on SNL the other night?
if u want a relationship with her then u have to get to know her...thats where trust comes in.
DO OTHER THING IN LIFE THAN SEX
it wont make the pain worse but it wont make it feel any better.
Promise her an amazing orgasm, and then give it to her!
how well do you get along?
if u want to but it will mess up ya as friends
it takes nothing less than a life time.
yes cause i know a 34 yr old man that has no sex drive
see and wait very soon u will get a good news from her.
ive known him since i was 5!!!
that is a hard one to answer.
well definitely get him something he will like, use.. etc.
I just think he's cute but he might not like me after all!
(read it before you give it to her)
no just maybe to busy or just need to get it started
a guy who cooks, with a kid...responsible!!
Why can't I meet a nice good guy that I actually have things in common with?!
Pick someone out and walk up to her and start talking, but never use a pickup line.
you have to slow your self on your wedding day.
I just accept it because I love him.
Because some woman let them and take them back
IF HE COMES BACK THEN HE IS YOURS IF NOT DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME FOR HIM.
Well if they just friends then you should there you are.
Do some house work laundry, dishes,vacuum, dust, iron, scrub the bathroom that should get her in the mood...lol
I just moved here from Ft. Worth, Tx.
YEA WHAT THE FIRST PERSON SAID
be nice to her and dont do what other jerks do like tease the girl by her appearences.
Anyway, dont stay with person who loves you if you dont love her!
Can I get STDs by swallowing his semen (I did not do it with any cuts in my mouth).
Yes..it is gross but I read that having orgasms and such helps clean out clots.
I met my 2nd husband online and we have a great relationship with a 2 1/2 yr old now!!!
dont go all out at once.
If your in love with someone you shouldnt have to ask the question - you just know.
i dont think so but maybe if u look at it it could happen
how the f*** can i know ?
!i think im in love with him!
i am no expert but things can always go wrong AKA broken condum
you shouldnt ruin a good thing.
Hopefully it'll be someone you like too!
when i see them to together it make's me wanna cry so bad!
Best of luck to ya in your quest.
were you having problems in your relationship?
But some of my friends, don't have much of a sex drive.
of course it is possible to find ur luv across the seas.
Tell him what u just told us!
it is demonic being a gay, it is the devil trying to used you.it is wickedness.
it will break your heart prob.
That is the number one thing guys look for in a girl.
what i am saying to you is you do not no him.
it's all about the money hunny.
until then just keep your door open so that she doesnt have to knock long.
this is not your problem it is his.
thats good u like feet lolz thanx for points
u feel others are happy too.
i dont think so u have to communicate to make life work... good luck and good nite!!!
for most women, size dont matter.
how r we suppose 2 know most of us don't evenknow Mark
are u saying that u feel selfish when you let go someone u love?
do things you enjoy and as hard as it might be cut off all communication with him
if ur in 2nd grade or something.. forget about it just remember his name in case he comes back:)
I married a girl that was so in love with me.
(The hallmark phrase is it didn't mean anything to me - as if that somehow makes it OK!
So now im all average girl ..Ps: best 5 months of my life
yeah a mexican girl an a black boy that would make a good couple
w/o making her mad i mean
Don't always be on the search for her though!!
btw, self confidence and right values and morale help too!!
i was 13 going on 14 instead of 14 going on 15. :-) i dont know.
i went thru a similar situation.
lol  (^-^) I am just kidding...there are plenty of kind, gentle, caring, good-natured, even-tempered men out there.
NO....we marry for sex and happy life.... otherwise it is like animals.....
I GOT YOU SWEET HEART NOW YOU CAN SEE THAT MONEY CAN BUY EVERY THING
Marc... That's a dumb name... so no!
difinitely not its a part of marriage life its an action showing that you love the person
if your friend is okay with it...then yes
guys who enjoy watching creepy hardcore p0rno movies.
Trust me, its worth waiting for!
i have two best friends, a guy and a girl.
its all conciered in what kind of person you are.
honesty, love, attention, a good man
men always obsess about penis size... when you meet the right woman, she won't care.
tell him what the deal is, if he's the one for you,he'll wait til your ready
And etc................well thats my version of it.
It is the worst mistake you will ever make, believ ME!
Don't hit on girls you know won't like you, and don't look weak.
i don't no about all the others but im right HERE.
That's the moment you need to walk up to her and say, Would you?
because woman seek alpha males..some prehistoric instinct, and the most famous and leader is the bad guy... :(
pretty close most of my friends say
my younger bro has the same case... usually we dont care... because next thing you know they're okay again...
Don't have a what's in it for me attitude or me, my,I, mine stance.
Phat means you are in style, you're the one that everybody wants to be with, you're in...you're hot!!
you are wrong, where did you get that other 99% from, you need to go to school...........
no one is satisfied in there life
Odds are, the average girl is going to win in that area easily.
does she want to kiss you?
i think everyone has been thru it.
Do you ever stop loving your best friend?
U R IN A VERY VERY DELICATE POSITION.I FEEL HE IS ACTING CHILD LIKE.
buy the book.....email addresses for dummies...
or he could be having an affair
But i dont thing i can take him back WHAt should i do?
Jeez and you wonder why there are so many perverts about?
I dont like any bigger than C or D at the biggest.
just think up of questions to ask them.
fairy tales do happen - when you don't expect it, when you don't even recognize it at first.
TRUST SOMEONE WHO HAS DONE IT .
Diddy...I'm sure there are others but this is all I can think of right now.
Off the top of my head I'd have to say.
but he should of been honest.
(my stomach does circles)  Why do i feel so weird?
gurl u shouldn't even be having sex unless yall were married/commited ( thats where the trouble started)
Tell her how pretty she is and what she means to you.
like spilling drinks on yourself or food on your shirt... stuff like that.
IF I WANTED THEM TO HAVE MINE, I WOULD TAKE THIERS.
So men don't think they are whores.
Make sure u lather up really good then shave it off nice and neat.
look it up in tha Internet!
Woman are from Venus and men are from mars.
i have a 6pack and the ken line thing.
That might scare her away :)
She knows I love her, I even made a website about her.
nope, as long as she didn't touch
Read him and decide of he's handing you BS or if he's being sincere.
well i think that it is legal.
ya he can have and love both.
( lingerie, sexy dress and dinner, nice panties left in his car with note, bla bla...
guy- do you wanna hear a joke?
ohh already takne and dont live there lol
be careful,its still your decision that rules.
I mean I would love to have everything but I dont.
fat= size or substance in a body phat= slang term meaning cool
you just let the guy start, then you follow what he does!
so i would just get your first and second time out of the way.
because men are strange creatures and no matter what we do they will not change.
U gat ot have a balance between all these.....
NO it does not mean he is gay.
just be there friend or get them a small present
mayb she's jus sayin dat to mak u think dat she loves u buh she doesnt...
:-)) isn' t it a good, different idea???
i think it would be good to have a job that you r good at before you get married
GO ONTO TO YAHOO.COM AND PUT IN LOVE POEMS.
NO...just tell her you are going
If it was me...I would make him S U F F E R !!!
maybe you just arent compatible maybe you should break it off and find other people.
but i kno he likes me...im his first gf and its kinda obvious.
I have to slow down a bit now that I'm in my 40's, LOL
when a girl tells u she likes a confident guy it means she dont like u so get lost
It can be Ive been with women and it just didn't work.
i think my gf likes somebody but when i ask her she says no but i dont believe it
slender, with a touch of athleticness.
i hope i've been some of help.
well, i don't know what to get my boyfriend.
hates you and i,am a gay (true) bitch
anything is possible..just take it slow.
i don't want my children to grow up thinking that it's normal.
id like to meet you si email me preciosa juanchubaca7@yahoo.com
will it be best to break up?
i would reccommend june 6th of this year, your aniversary date would be 666
find someone who respects you more!
( What do you do when you go to court)
They are probabaly mad because they can't have that person.
now honestly how stupid do those response sound.
Just tell him to leave you alone!
perfect girl- with nice hearts, nice thoughts..dressed nicely not vurgurly..oops..i am nt a guy.........sorry
...there is no quick way, and that's not the problem.
the younger you are the more worried theyed get....
kewl, with all the neat features...don't waste your money on yahoo...Go there!
love is a two way kinda thing.
i on't know when i have ever gotten too much of a good thing .
however, taking a big step is better than no step at all.
Well hell, I still look too!
and then you two will be open and willling to talk without any nervousness  good luck
Tall blond hot smoking foreign girl.
its not like the parents will know anyways.
didn't want to be honest with me.
They all say that don't tell your bf.
and yes you can be IN Love and just have Sex......that would be called a Quickie....LOL
I FEEL AS IF HE'S JUST USING ME?
Me I like girls that are not virgins.
He named his clothing line, his wifes perfume, all baby phat or phat farm
whats wrong with talking to guys?
but be warned there's laws against that in some place, lol.
Like when she is leaving frome work.
why doesnt your mom like this guy and his family?
Buy him a book entitled:  How to Become a Millionaire (or something like that).
If someone doesnt like who you are, tough.
Im talking about the single ones.
She is trying hard to get...
IF U KNOW HIM BEFORE HE WAS FAMOUS TELL HE IF NOT FORGET IT
Wow, I was just thinking of Dr. Phil too.
?is there a law that says being gay is bad...NO!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ok i have to say it....EW!!!
nope , not if shes (loyal) to you in return .
men lie about cheating because they know they are dumb for doing it!
Guys should not be kissing Guys.
If not, i find it ok for you to ask also.
Just like you said...she's a whore.
i think that that is the best thing to do.
he has a son that is 13.
no he is cheating on you now
there are some of us that actually care about things and care about what you girls think too.
If it's no big deal for him, then he'll tell you....
I dont think you luv him.Why would you love a guy that talk' trash about you.
Doesn't everyone want to have fun on the weekends?
so treat her well and i bet shell do the same for you !
once, i married him, had his kids and then he cheated on me, with a girl with bulging eyes
After 4yrs this is all you got?
Don't rush her, don't do it if she doesn't want you to.
it'll feel like everything's right and there's nothing else you care about
their eyes can tell you if they are upset, happy, etc.
Except women don't think of sex the same way men do.
sounds like you need a new girl
even bad sex is good sex  at least, so ive heard
no its not as long as you dont accually cheat on you signifagant other^^  (your welcome...)
he will start getting the message.
99% of the time once a cheat always a cheat.
but hey, you should be really happy about that!!!
he will do what ever you say.
he also has a pure personality, but we don't talk much at all!
im in love wit this bou but we broke up can i do something to get him back
yes and he is my best friend.
well, u guys should just break up...
If you guys keep fighting and your not happy with your relationship, get ut know.
(you'll have enough time the whole year!)
This is my family and I can do what I feel is right!
Not at all.....I believe you should act on all your fantasies.
Give a different type of guy a chance...
So I wouldn't want her to get hurt by something that I did.
It would look bad if you are good friends and you don't show up.
I don't think people will think that way at all!
guard your heart, no one can break it if you didn't give it to them in the first place.
place where is dangerous lyk changing rm...
and i never gave them $3x not even after.... hahaha
because everyone wants fine that one true person.
like the size of ur dick i need a female answer
If that stupid pesky husband wasn't in the way........................
Girl unstable and full of doubt, like O.J.
Meaning if they cheat once they will cheat again.
and make them come true, then she wont have a reson to fake it.
And girls liking talking about themselves so just ask questions.
SHe might not see what's there, so just show her.
Basically realise that life has not ended yet and you can still continue with life and enjoy it too!!!
Hire a full-time nanny, then go to Vegas!
What's the biggest turn on for a guy and what can I do to make you notice me??
if the two of you stay 2gether it will just end up in a bad situation in the end
her: yes me: you really shouldnt.
He says he likes me but how can i tell??
Third:  Hair (especailly if it's red).
we gone out for 1 month
But the picture could get ugly if I dont stay away.
You should take this as a very good thing!!!
yes thats fine most of my friends are guys
plus its the midwest so its kinda boring.
They aren't stupid, they just think differently from you.
Every guy I know is circumcized.
if the guy does romantic things and calls me baby, i fall for him so easily.
I didn't have a flower girl in my wedding and never was one.
i perfer it to be trimmed, especially when he wants o r a l....
did you pack a lunch or take the bus good and you
go contact a plastic surgeon and ask him/ her what you should do
ask him why he hasn't called you and JUST DONT BREAK UP WITH HIM!!!
from one mom to another good luck
Not just any guy but one I can say that he's really a MAN
again just be warry of setting the bar to high.
rum and coke,  3 parts rum, one part coke.
okay easy way ask so do you have a boyfriend because i was gonna ask you a question.
it is not that i do not have other things to do.
I think you wouldn't like it much at all.
if you're in school, try there.
for exampple if he is not wearing a watch you can give him a watch etc
It's out there, you  just have to be patient because what's meant to be will be.
i think this is so romantic...dont think about what people r gon say...just do ur thing and b happy...
i've heard he likes me too but i cant be sure!
If they say they like fighting tell them you like calling cops
find out wats going on first
Leave no bugs & there will be no mistakes.
I wouldnt jus come out and tell him you like him.. u dont wanna seem desperate...
you're to young for so much drama...why 3 weeks?
no, worry is a turn off, lovely catch 22 isn't it
they are not interested in girls butts and girls are emotional .
why everyone breaks up wid sum1?
if you love a girl and want to have sex?
Do not go to this guy's place!
because we're only few and some are taken already ...
a guy decides if he likes a girl within 5 minutes of meeting her.
skin on the end of his penis should be just fine.
Show him you are mature,don't over do it, like I said act your age.
no really it is wrong anyway you try to think of it the answer is no.
those are good places to try.
just be yourself, don't be anything your not, she won't like that.
create ur yahoo avtar..  n its free!
you should join the armed services and go be w/ him, do it as soon as possible
Now he has cheated on me.
girls.... after what # do you start losing self respect amd what go you considered special?
He always appoligizes and says he'll never do it again but he has over and over again.
he's not the right man for you.
Coworker alert -- clue for you, here it comes -- NO TOUCHIE NO KISSIE, RUN do not WALK!
bring some of your friends 2 back u up when u confrunt him.
I'm bisexual and not afraid to show it, you gotta problem with it screw ya!
its because my friend is showing me some signs buth then hes courting someone..
You sound like a really great guy.
i think it's becasue they think it's a measure for thier manhood and simply becasue girls care about that:P
how long can you stay low?
all this shoulda been handled b-4 you had sex with him.
If he doesn't just move on.
if ur an adult ask him out to dinner or coffee.
i have a guy firend who always hangs out with me and hes very happy about it.
i need help on how to break it to him
I love the look of naked black women
A lil champagne won't hurt either....what's up with this guy???
dats a big diff but if u really luv him den follow yo heart and stay wit him.
flirt it is a great way and look great.
Kind of hint it at her, like flirt with her often but not too often.
Hey, if you like her there should be lots to talk about.
You lose your childhood too soon!
(the kiss was hot)...but it went no farther.What were you thinking...how could you disrespect her like that?
depends on how old you guys are ;>
or if he is a lil off, a lil late sometimes willing?
I HATE BORING SEX LETS BREAK FURNITURE
he will fix his hair check his teeth and stuff like that.
He gets to stuff it, dress it and name it even.
We don't, at least I don't.
But I did all that after watching a movie.
you know, i believe that some guy wants a GIRL bcoz he loves it.
go on with your life, and file for child support
its a pleasurable experience n i crnt c why u would stop it.
BEEN ENGAGED AND DID HAVE A FEW LONG TERM RELATIONSHIP BUT NEVER MARRIED.
Then ask him:  I am going to go to lunch @ whatever o clock with so and so.
I'm getting SCARED & I am already paid in full!
But, my little flower girl  had a great time!
yes whats wrong with being friends
But I like I said it's all interpation.
just be like thats ok it was a dare anyway.
but about what women really want... Einstein also told that would be the greatest dicovery of all.
i do guys brake ur heart friends stay 4ever
YOU COULD DO MUCH BETTER AND FIND A MAN OR BOY THAT DO CARE AND WILL DO YOU RIGHT!!!!
Ask one of their frineds to ask for you.
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo!
Yeah I agree with Smert I bet he won't be laughing then.
Your not a horrible person at all.
Do you ever think of a fantasy you always wanted when your making whoopie?
a year from your getting engaged.
forget him and find someone else
its not really normal, but then again who is.
He may not believe you now b/c youre pregnant and will figure you are trying to trap him.
But I can't just blame her its him thats telling her.
Just be urself and have fun!
I am in my 30's and men my age want a younger woman.
I want to ask him to the Valentines dance, but we are just friends.
one of my friends is 23 almost 24 and she hasn't had sex yet.
Tell him you love him and want to try to work things out, but NO BEGGING!
depends on what u were talking till then
You THINK friend, she IS mean.
Some guys are jerks this way.
if u know him well and u like him say yeah.
ha ha seriously just ask if he is going with anyone.
Since when is it so wrong for a woman to talk tp a guy.
do you know how to cook?
First of all, are you sure you love him?
:) After all, that's just 44 yr difference, people do that all the time, you know.
that last part was just a joke.
not as good as i used to be, but still damn good!!
PLus then you can spice it up a little...Good luck...and remember its all about having fun
yes some of the best ppl i no are boys, but im a girl and  i dont care
yes i believe in true love.
you don't if you want to keep your wife!
so i think these sites will help!
i really want to.please let me know.i am crazy to do that with you .
She seems to like the beach and water.
well u aint got no butt so u have nuthin 2 worry bout.
Your not really cheating just having fun.
but do what feels right in your heart.
I myself don't want a wussie man.
Good luck and I hope you get the girl.
eyes would be the best feature for me.
Go out of her way to see you?
Plus if you want it to be secret, you can't shout it out..Turn off the caps lock.
Arent you allowed to have any guy friends?
my boyfriend and i are plannig to take a day off just for the two of us.
And I just don't like her cause shes always in my bussiness.
Men always ask why women are so unfaithful..  And women too often ask why?
Men always want to see where things could go.
i dont think you should go that far to get a guy you want!
cuz dey want u 2 lay under dem
Never go out with a cheat either if you can help it.
I myself do not believe it to be beneficial in ANY way.
Even though most people do and don't admit to it.
ya never know, it might be.
i remember being young and wanting to date sooooooooooo bad at 13.
Girl got what girl wanted, girl moved on to next guy.
Thats why it's so special, you never see it coming.
I hope this has helped...good luck!
If you ask WHO IS THE MOST ATTRACTIVE GAL than the answer would be MISS ASIA PACIFIC....may be!!!
So, maybe you, too, should just wait it out!
i'll do anything u like just give me your e-mail
its prefectly fine...ppl who are gay shouldnt be ashamed of themselves
Remember that girls are the ones how give birth, dick head
Not, baby girl you still have milk on tounge.
what a guy want from girls?....
don't ever let yourself be with this guy ever again, you just let him walk all over you.
i met him on the internet ,should i accept his proposal?mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmjjjjjjjjjjjjjjj
all they want is your money.
c'mon man be true to urself...
Approach her and ask her if shes busy later in the day and take her out and talk.
i went to office Max, and they have kits that are like $20.
let it go  being clingy will only drive him away
I'm a 36 A.  I just got a VS bra.
you cant so go out and get someone else trust me on this one dude
The rest is a fairy tale sweetheart.
dont change for anyone, always be yourself and you'll be more happy
But don't waste your life waiting for that.
but dont be upset if things dont turn out right.
you know i do not know.
yes,and the showers great, the wine,the...meal.
-he could left u because of other girl so he will never come back to you.
Just thought I'd let you know.
She just might like what you already have with her.
i will i'm only 11 though!!
k, i met him at a friends party, we hit it off immediately.
lol, to be funny, or maybe becuase he liked you.
Japanese girls have a bad impression on asian guys.
Whatever you do, don't act desperate!
High self esteme - try it you might like it...
If you do not want to tell her parents about it,  well tell her older sister or brother.
don't worry that she'll say no because u can move on anyway.
don't do it eventually you will regret it!
that actually worked at one point in my life.
just tell him but be nice to him guys get hurt too you know
Plus I know how it feels to be cheated on.
she should make him wait to see if he cares enough for her.
wake her and tell her to close her eyes until u take her toward the flowers.
He just doesn't want you with anyone else.
he is hot personally i like johnny depp beter.
i guess what im trying to get across is that youre young!
I mean, he should be glad that you get along well enough with his sister...
but do not let know one tell u that you are doing wrong because people will tell you that.
mail him a copy also =) he might have enough time to read there.
he just might be playing a game sweetie but not all guyz do.
you won't, you gotta fire up a chance
Hope you take the skirt off and get a pair of jeans on boy.
So just tell them and see what happens.
by the way, if u need to talk, my SN is smboochie
go for it before its too late!
go ahead be friends with him, rub it in his face about what he is missing out on.
take him to do somthing active and fun for both of you
if it duznt work with him, then move on.
Go up to her and say, You smell.
when u are truly in love u wont have to ask that question
I wouldn't worry too much about it.
i think so....i'd wait til marriage.
cause some people are sexy unlike you obviously or you wouldnt be askin us
Sorry if i have hurted ur feelings here but this is on my own experiences
just ask her, and be confident.
But the oldest always has to get up in my face and talk shit.
i loved her and still do
I bet you will be just fine!
those are what made me like her so much.
I'm 23..But i prefer to be your bro'
Get over him & find someone who isn't such an indecisive ass?
f*** these stupid rules of cheating,have a life for f***s sake!!
you just have to play your cards just right so your not looking like the bad guy.
go to your yahoo mailbox---and then click on --or look for yahoo avatar and crate it yourself----its free---
If this is her first time...READ UP!
i dont want to hurt his feelings...
guys like to hear about your feelings.
If they don't want to sleep with you.
All though if there is no trust in a relationship you shouldn't be in it!
do u think im wasting my time?
What a marraige that would have been, YIKES.
i do i HATE my sister-in-law..well one of them...oh do i hate that bi$#&
I hate it but he feels his sisters understands because there girls.
you could ask him if he could ask you to mary him.. wow!
no~ they aren't pigs :o they are dogs~
My wife devorced me over a stupid kiss.
anniversary: Paper 2nd: anniversary: Cotton 3rd: anniversary: Leather  Who started those?
They have nice paper at office supplies stores, I even got some nice paper at walmart.
show that you have an intrest in her!
hang out one on one with guys you're attracted to, soon enough you'll find one you really like.
Big fan of Corinth 13 here.
Sexy is knowing what you got and proud of it.
sure as hell not a capricorn
beware girl be careful so careful
Find a rich athletic cute chick.
Have you ever thought about just coming our and asking her?
He says he loves me and that I was the best girlfriend and friend he has ever had.
:)  And by the way - my husband is right - some people don't have a sense of humor!
Who the hell died and made him the boss of you?
Get out there and talk with men.
if he doesnt love u he will ignore you.
I am a 15 year old female and I just wanna know is it normal to mast-ur-bate
U might as well end your GF misery.
if so just tell him i bet he'll feel better if you do.
NO U SHOULD CALL HIM BUT U SHOULDNT BREAK UP WITH HIM!!!
but she probably wouldent trust you any more!
lol these pple that answered your question be4 me r funny.
well, i would suggest an AA meeting but you aren't an alcoholic!
at 1st u get a wierd kinda undescribeble feelin most of the time.
what is the seat is up and then peed on thats gross!
maybe give him a little husband/wife time alone together!
Height is irrelevant - I'm a straight guy & would therefore say no!
every guy kept coming up to me it was nasty.
Or she can get over it.
a huge amount of red roses that will make her cry out!
smash your head in to a wall, then put on the stupid helmet and never take it off
if he really is a best freind it wont come between them ( with a little preparation of course)
well first off....how old are the two of you?
You don't have much trust for him?
if your lookin for a guy online there gotta be something wrong with ya
But it be off your mind.
LIFE DOES NOT REVOLVE AROUND RELATIONSHIPS!!!!
And I don't do it for sex either, heck I'm still a virgin.
Is it sex, kissing, or what?
Seriously, I don't understand why guys do that.
iM A GIRL SO NO AND I HAVE NEVER SEEN IT BEFORE!!
my advice, just build up the confidence to just talk to him.
If he im'd you he already has your name/id.
girl age aint nothing but a number.
your just go ahead and let him know.
new friends, a boyfriend, the breakup... they changed my year.
Rock and a hard spot there aren't you?
n soon i might not have anyfriends anymore i dont want that to happen!
Plus you will have unexpected fun!
try a local bi chat room
do what the lead vocal said but you go 90 and she goes 10
Like, she's really got a crush on you!
So choose men with emotions not the cool like type if u want stability.
I wouldn't if you want to keep your marriage.
love her more...it will reflect back!!
when your in love you know it.
You better think long and hard
simple, can you remember if, when you were getting married, did he blow in the best mans ear?
for a good outlook on dating/life, heres somethin for u to read.
sex is very important if she has waited this long then y cant she wait longer.
Obviously if she is cheating behind her husband's back... she doesn't want him to know.
Everybody only live once, u make da best of your life, cause it only comes one time around.
If she won't listen to you tell her parents.
Did he break up with you because you are fat?
Who cares if you go to school with his sister.
Your best bet...act like you don't like her anymore.
Is she in love with you at all?
Are you going out with her now?
Most  men love beer and laughter!
nobody says its easy 2 get over sum 1 u love but hun ur gunna have 2 sum day!!
always and it could be vise versa you could like someone even if you have a boyfriend
Give it a few more years it's going to come to u.
Okay well first off don't ever be nervous around her, even if she thinks it's adorable.
If one person can't do it for some reason then the other one should.
looks down when you we are talking?
yup there is definitely good porn and bad porn.
do new things, suprise her a lot.
how often should i email my lover ouside z countery?
Then go out and have some fun!
love who you are and how you look .
but dont fal head over heels just yet!
u will never get a g-friend with an attitude like that!
it's better to break it up if there is no love anymore.
I actually have a simular prob.
the person will just come unexpectedly.
yea babies make great graduation presents.
Only you & the guy you like does.
PM me anytime you sound like a sweetheart.
What if they like you too?
Why do women lie about cheating?.........
Who's Sadie Hawkins....hahaha  Just kidding, call and ask!
2 realy embaress him ask in front of all his friends.
I said yes and didnt even no his name till after i agreed.
YOU'LL KNOW WHAT IT IS WHEN IT HAPPENS.
Get out around people ALOT and have FUN.
I'm tring to be nice but it's like pissing me off a lot.
uh oh, bored woman syndrome again
This is just too much for some men.
If he likes gay porn, he is gay.
I know what I want and stick to it.
Men have the tendency to suck.
You MUST watch the movie Wedding Crashers.
Oh yeah it is all true.
anw njoy your life now cz sometimes love hurts!good luck sweety!
If You want or don't want to have some kind of relationship with him/her after the sex.
yes,oh yes its just the best,u can never regret it.
........Because,they think it makes them look bad in front of thier guy freinds.
No need to specify where u r working.
Sexy is your feeling inside, then it come out in ur body language!
you probly wont untill you are older.
A girl loves compliments just don't over do it thats kinda creepy sometimes.
be a loser chicks dig that
if you really want to know then ask him.
my boyfriend lives far away, and ive done some bad things.
Just so you know, I am virtually certain that LeftFishJet was trying to be funny!
an add hearts n such to it too for that extra added love ;)
you found him, but they both mean the same thing
I am married and I cheat on my husband with his sister.
he's just on top of me.
send him something he can keep it to remimber u...
You realy dont know this guy You know it too.
BFF stands for BEST FRIENDS FOREVER
- b/c some girls are concerned too and judge them.
provided that there are interesting people like me invited to the wedding too to keep the convo flowing!
best way to ask her out
yeah but u have to know where to look try myspace and sconex
Whoever you pick, she'll be happy.
because they wanna make sure its troo big for the female v a g i n a
I think it is a great idea!
But you should get his full name address and phone number, whatever info you can get.
I hate to say it girls, but we complain, persuade, and some cry too much.
Be yourself, if they don't like you for who you are, then your not ment to be anyway
i just think that maybe people are too impacient.
you control the emotions.............pretty gutsy and adventurous huh
For a guy that is perfict.
Yes.I'm 10 and i have boyfriends.
dont be shy walk up to her and tel her how u feel.
but lately, with this new person that i am dating i don't need the fantasy.
be yourself dont try to be someone your not.
And, I'm proud of it baby!
and u wud want ta b wit that person a lot.
I never met them just talked as friends, was I wrong Im not sure?
i am 25 now, and i remember being a flower girl 3 times.
yea how old are you though and be prepared if he says NO!
That's ok if ya just wanna be called Pat.
Hurting her will not solve anything.
only if a person is planning on cheating then it would be wrong.
I WOULD JUST SAY CALL AND SAY WHAT IS UP?
Blah~ Blah~ blahhhh~ why dont you grow some hair then we will talk about this stupid question
listen i always say forget other ppl do what i wanna do.
When I got married my mother told both of us tht a marriage is 50/50.
well it depends on where you live I guess
Meaning, they love you no matter what.
I hate receiving oral, but I LOVE performing it on my husband... yum!
talk to ur parents, then talk to thw girl
teenagers with babies r so fun.
you dont,you meet women,the bible says so
Open your mind ... revenge can cost u another heartached!!!
I for one, refuse to take out the trash...that's just me.
put on some lipstick and wow him with your charm!!
yah sHould wAit till they brEakup... then be a cryingshoulder to her.....
actually he does not go in at all.
a room with a jacuzzi tub.
6 is afraid of 7 becuase 789
only those who wants u also.
I'm a guy, I would know.
Ur not shallow, u just know what u want.
you just have to talk to him and decide which is which for your relationship
i think if u really wanted to know ask your parents.
always there are such good things we should learn!
I kinda messed up the procession and then I was grumpy the rest of the day.
bad boys = abusive relationships  macho guys deff turn me off!
if he/she says no then you just saved yourself some heartache.
How will you know it's him if you don't date?
aren't you the dude who likes to chew on mice's necks??
To me, sexy is not just somebodys looks.
so ask him then if he says no get over it!
What is wrong with this picture.
I don't think men HAVE to lie about cheating.
Interesting idea....but no, I don't think so.
real  people real deal people date fear
i am figuring you are in 7th or 8th grade.
Still today i date older guys, i'm 31, and my boyfriend is 4 yrs.
thats why lots of marriages last 50 years.
so just ask your mom if you can date him.
i would like to possibly meet you.
yes but be careful though you don't want personal things to get out (trust me) ;)
Either u love her or u don't.
make sure you actually bump into him so you can smile and say sorry ... then start talking..
that is one of criteria we look for a guy!
Ahhh ok thanks for sharing I guess??????
You sure are full of yourself!
Because most guys can see better than they can think, lol.
I think u should ask him,and then see what u'll do
Those wouldn't do you any good.
I used to own a Jewelry store and I would never buy on the internet... buy locally.
no way in hell he is like 235, not even on a good day
nothing except say hi or pretend I didnt recognize him.depends onthe breakup
Give it your best shot, I guess.
So he'll be willing to forget about the lies ..   Best of wishes for your relationship :)
Read some of the books i listed below.
some girls just do not like that at all
i think im in love with my bf and he feels the same but i don't kno
People don't get irony, do they...it is very subtle, and most people aren't.
people enjoy a fun person not a shy or self contained hermit, hope this helps......jon
Then just give it to her.
We are friends but i really want to go out with her!
Trust me, you won't want a man that much older.
both men and women, just more things to talk about
I never did the dress, cake etc.
DON'T GET MUSHY IN THE LETTER!!
Try online dating, but avoid signing up for a username like the one you use here.
then say you would like to take him.
It really was TONS cheaper for us!!!
maybe but i don't know sounds  like it might be love
yea, I learned what my girlfriends and I refer to as Bedroom Grandstanding OH OH GOD!!!
ANYTHING, AS LONG AS YOU BOTH ENJOY IT ANS IT'S SAFE.
Send out invitations, do the whole big thing you are dreaming of and deserve to come true!!
little upset.. coz had a fight with my husband
Invest in a vibrator called the Rabbit (a little practice & who needs a man!)
If your a hateful person be nicer.
play with some one elses toys ;)
Ask question- can I imagine my life with this person in 5, 10, 30 years?
Make it really easy on her part and that you are not expecting anything and you'll be fine :)
Guys think the penis is the best thing ever.
well same goes with the gals as well!
Eloped, didn't have a big thing, and on their 10th yr, had the full ceremony and a reception.
We've got your back........now go conquer this problem!
ok, have you met him outside the internet?????
and i didnt have a jacket!
and at that time porn comes into picture and helps.
But if she doesnt know..just wait it out!
How can you ever really trust them?
I guess it is for some guys.
There are GREAT guys out there!
what is she nagging you about wheres the info?
Never tell her you like her.
I've couldn't of been so happy.
it all depends on your type of friends.
Ive had the same thing happen, I told her to get lost!
Girl think he nice boy, girl want him to be nice MAN.
Good luck and have a happy balloon day!
And when u find him, you'll know.
I still don't have mine & it has been years!
it takes a mature woman to give this to her man.
when you really going with the person cause of the looks
sometimes they use it for other purposes, irregular periods,etc.
Blow him a kiss and then say , So, what's up.
So do you think im in love?
Other than what movies and food she likes?
...... are you chatting without your wifey pooh??
you should totally stay with him.
her name is skye P. real nice to me
if he wont come are you sure you want him?
3.Your just boring that poor girl to death!
so get one of your mates to do the same the worst he could do is turn you down
every position.....cant think of a bad one
Would anyone mind telling me what true love is because everytime I think I have it, I don't
He didn't do it all the time.
I stand up for my self,my hubby and our son!
let them control your life or your in for alot of problems.
I honestly believe that white guys can get more black girls then they think.
guys certainly get carried away by the beauty initially.. u know.. lust at first sight.. thats very common!
but as time went on, things changed n it did all too fast.
So lighten up, girlies, boys DO act pretty ignorant, but they are not done yet.
(let go)SHE IS STARTING A NEW LIFE.
1.  a warm bed (no, not the sex, just a warm bed.)
Just try to keep away from him if you are sick, like other people have said.
no not at all everybody does it.
If she says she does not have one, then you can come back later and ask her out.
Move away... if her eyes are still closed kiss her again.
If she is your mom she can do what she want
guys will be guys all men look at other women just like women look at other men.
well first off if you a true friend u should convicne her to wait.
But, do you want a friend like that anyway?
I find it much easier NOT to cheat or lie.
age ait nuthin but a number
say hi, have a mutual friend that you trust introduce you.
Easy stuff, I do it all the time!
You can not help it that  mature men want you.
boys dont have hot butts and they like the fact that girls do .
have a nice dinner out with youreslf or someone special.
well, if you both have the proper anatomy i suppose it might be possible
All he cares about is getting his peter wet, if he cared about you he would be showing it.
You're still 14 and there are a lot of great things out there not just one girl.
what was it like to be a flower girl?
they know u are going to beat there @$$ if they tell u they did.
you have him and she's jealous of that.
yea i dont see why not as long as you werent tryin to get in her pants
If you don't think you did anything wrong, then it your reality you didn't.
i heard many good things about the italian people.
this is just me, but i think you shouldnt go out looking for love.
If he is the right one, he wont mind waiting til marriage for you.
I dont like bars or dance clubs.
He needs you now more than ever!
its really not that hard, come on don't be a baby.
I do not believe in destiny.
listen girl , boys r always tring 2 get a joke in even when its not funny.
Her first time will hurt...do you know what your doing?
They like American and European guys.
may be people will think about this and take this as usual after 10 or 20 yrs.
now he and i are like best friends.
if you end up together, then great :) but take it one day at a time.
ask your self the question wat do i feel bout him
or maybe your are not home.
Do what you need to do and stop worring about what your Ex thinks.
Why do u want to hurt someone that u love(d)once in yr life?
yiea its true, what can u do to prevent it?
it happens, and what you said about love is true.
ithink every one is good in their  own way.
If you are busy doing housework and just dont feel like it....TOO BAD.
depends on how u carry the relationship in the future .
kill her boyfriend ha ha ha ha
yes it is ok. if u are sure of yourself u don't care.
I went to a club and got one and it was superfun.
Because black men are sooooooooooooooooo hot!
honestly , you are too young.
- it has 2 b long enouth to penetrate from the rear position - 2 compete with other guys
if u'd like i shall be friend.
yes if you guys are really close but no if you aren't
Personally, I don't mind mama's boys.
I hate guys that only want to be around me.
to 23.  sounds like the right ahe .
I don't mind it, I think it's cute.
I tried to date someone older and it didn't work.
If you haven't listen to it and take notes.
Chances are better if they're both gay!
But it takes a few screw ups.
But don't feel bad, most adults don't know the difference either~!
with someone that I LOVE and CARE about !I say no for SOULLESS sex!
I'd stop talking to a guy alright....him.
I guess men are giving out wrong impression.
and most guys that wanna go out with me are just after my virginity wot should I do?
Just try and see what happens.
wit me n my friends, we used to b MAD close!
There are alot of phony ladies and guys out there.
dont ask, if they do you will know.
look in the phone book for the families name.
If he gets mad at you for asking then break up with him.
almost every guy wants to get in your pants.
- It shows that you have noted something about HER!
yeah..i agree wid CUTECURL gal...itz true!
most boys are bold but they wait for the signal from the girl to take the move
Some like really sloppy with a lot of saliva, and others find it really gross.
Take her to the movies and show her a good time...she should totally fall for u!
I absolutly dispise my ex-mother inlaw!!!!!
and then i went and told my bff the great news.
!Embrace & polish all your interest..like lets say you like reading!!!
IF YOU WANT TO TALK TO HIM THEN YOU SHOULD JUST DO IT.
if they dont invite you invite yourself.
First of all..........did you ever get your girlfriend out from under the truck?
Oh my God, Are you a 3rd grader or something?
if your good but your family is not good also makes a big problem.
Plus, when we are in our teenage years, we don't really know what love is!!!
i ask this once  and tyey say its norma.. not doing it is not normal..  not evry day ...
shouldnt it be the same for women.
to give him a love and prosperity
Just be easy and walk lightly.
I love her son and that is what matters!
(I've heard of that phrase before and it does seem to work...)
he's a guy... there will be many many many more.
Was I wrong, because I actually thought she owed me an explanation.
I never break up with anyone, I am not judging and I am accepting.
Well you could start be e-mailing me
maybe if she is your sixth cousin once removed?
DON'T WANT TO RUIN THEIR FRIENDSHIP, BUT DON'T WANT TO KEEP DEALING W/HIM
make sure you tell her every opportunity that you love her, and dont ever go to bed angry.!!!
we have two children together one son, one girl.
If he left you because your fat then lose some weight then we'll talk
So I felt really bad, cause she was really hot
so yes they can be just friends
maybe use them to satisfy yourself????
not gay, unless if you are imagining to do it with a guy
if your 13 and you havent found your true love dont worry you have plenty of time.
mY ideal guy is Someone that iS WILLING TO WAIT and someone thAt iS WILLING TO MAKE A SACRIFICE...
Why does me ex boyfriend care who i talk to if where not together anymore??
this depends on the girl and her relationship status.
I even cried when she died and I was only like 11.
You have to be happy w/ yourself.
Do what is good for you!
do not include religious ideas plz
i didnt mean to ramble this much, sorry.
IF HE DOESN'T THEN HE REALLY LIKES YOU
I don't think looking at porn is cheating.
then you can see what she says.
Look for somone in the room standing alone and looking around....thats most likely your target!
are you looking for fun and exciting but non-longterm?
YOU CAN TELL ONLY BY THE WAY SHE LOOKS AT YOU AND WHAT SHE SACRIFICES FOR THE RELATIONSHIP
if she says no then ask her out.
It sounds like you've got a good guy.
especially if it's with someone we love and know the right moves.
i like a guy that doesnt care about what a girl looks like.
Anyway, I love looking at my own breasts now.
you can see guys sincerity thru it.
Maybe he had to but still didn't want to leave you.
I hope you didn't take offence
but hey, as long as they are just looking and touching i dont see anything too harmful about that...
I married my best friend and our sex life is STILL Fabulous after 5 years!
I treat them exactly the same way I do anyone without HIV!
Again you don't need to convinced your b/f that you don't talk to guys.
you are to good for all that crap.
you have to be smart witty, a great sence of humor.
so in either of these to places you know thier lifestyle
think about your safety and your kids safety hun.
and i do how do i go about in doing this?
At least wait until you're not jail bait.
But he still stares at me like he luvs my looks or something!
Most of my friends are guys but I have issues with woman.
or is it rong to go out with my ex's bff so soon after the break up?
PLEASE FIGURE IT OUT..CAUSE IF YOU DONT..YOUR GOING TO GET HURT REALLY BAD.
well i say u should just go for it.
IM THINKIN OF GOING IF SHE GOES CAUSE IM SCARED OF HER GOING ALONE!
Sure, he wants it cuz he thinks it's hot.
i am getting married in june 2006. what colors would look nice for that month??
watch there eye*s when asking them questions if they look up and to the left there usually lying.
:-) jk yeah, go for it...
As was mentioned earlier, Hey, what's up works wonders.
at one time i didn't, and despaired that i would find anyone to love me.
middle school 6th grade high school8th grade or 5th or 4th grade
If anyone has any idea what im going through please let me know..thanks..
why do you wanna stop, its great, sex with someone you love.
And you should not ONLY BLAME on WoMEN!
you know wat they say if he loves you he'll come back!
any position  i love them all
if ur lucky enough to find a nice guy, u wont want to stay with him anyways.
keep an open mind, and please b careful and smart if u dont wana get hurt by some guy.
Here'e mine: First quit thinking about women all the time..there everywhere!!
There are a ton of guys out there.
Dont make the mistakes I made.
you have to be happy with yourself .
just hold him down and kiss his face
It just happened when I least expected it.
THATS NOT ALWAYS THE CASE SOMETIMES THE BOY SES IT FIRST
confidence shines bright, no matter what your size!!
Hey I was just wondering what your opinion is on why men cheat.
im sure they are good at love, but all people are good at love too.
Actually thats really sad if she can't find anyone outside of her famimly.
do you have a zoo, or some sort of museam?
Now I don't know where you live but here parents don't name their girls Frank.
Be gentle, you don't wanna hurt her by doing your stuff
if your kids still want to befriend with his, tell them to hang out without you.
dude i tink she likes u man!
actually as soon as u marry him u can file for his legalization.
I honestly don't think he likes me that much because he won't even really hug me.
Hope this is useful Good Luck!
because he still have feelings and he thinks that still have rights over you
like when she does somthing rong again spaz!
if he wants u back u should totally say yes.
moving on is the best thing i suggest.
Monkeys, cows, sheep there are lots of them that do.
all the guys ive beenwith have been unfaithful or have lost a bet
the no alcohol i get, but the no dancing...what a drag.
I never have and I never will!
czz i have a boyfriend .how long hve u gone out?
i love it and i will not change it
think about your feelings and give yourself a chace with the other chick.
so I can't give you any further tips but Good Luck!!
Girly version: Best friends forever boy version: big fat fart
Don't tell him u love him!
well not unless you know when they are lying or not...hope this helps...
So, just be open and tell her you like her.
If you think bad about your chat shtop it sooner.
WHY ARE YOU EVEN ASKING THAT QEUSTION?
If he is not up to that, then he's not the right one.
you could do something that everyone likes.
if your bi try to go straight.
Some like those clingy guys and some like guys who are laid back.
just tell her that he is not interested in her.
You don't even really know him but you're already dreaming of marrying him.
i know this because i found out the hard way
make sure you let her down easily.
Or for the guys who awaits in a long que,counting their time to get one with u..????
I hope not, that would be horrible!
just as freinds yes but any deeper no because they are married so they probably love that person.
If I feel it is right for my family I do it!
my advice would be to not worry about it.
If he would ask I would go out with him again.
If you are with a 16 yo girl that is a problem in it self.
It's her job and she treats it as such
however some really are stupid as with anything.
You WILL make it thru this!
but you know, sometimes it's good to fight about stupid things.
Hang out with him and try to make look like u want 2 be more than friends.
u can be friends wit them or break up then go
lol I'm just a simple girl that doesn't ask for material items- just physical and emotional ones .
true love is nothin but sharing n sacrifice.its all about livin wid a person widout who u cant live
love is on of those feelings you just know.
Haven't done it yet (I'm 16 now).
Start by getting rid of that bun!
And here is a big tip!
If I want it hit, I'll gladly guide you there :-)
when the newest girl in our group is around im jus pushed aside n ignored.
I KNOW BUT HE IS SO SEXY!!!!
You can not and will not ever know.
baby you need a man to solve your issues.
ofcourse, you sholud never forget caring your body language ;)
If I didn't do it, I wouldn't want him to resent me for it later on.
(my wonderful boyfriend is 39, btw)
Not my style of living, and is it cheating?
now if a female cheated on a man, they're hoes!
like i said girl is interested!!!!
As long she say yes, what the f*** his BF.
I just tell her that it's flattering, but he is too young.
Don't worry if you don't have this decided yet.
and verbally explain it to him that should make his head turn
Hey u answered my question but never gave me your email adress to im u.
me n my friends dont seem as close anymore.
All you have to do is remember what it was like for you @ that age.
it's all  part of growing up
my heart was broken twice...by the same guy.
Try being nice to someone you like.
Don't put labels on it or he may get scared.
I THINK IT IS WEIRD THOUGH
yes specily if u want children
didnt think they did those anymore.
if it doesn`t you`ll screw everything up just by giving a simple comment.
Or  You just have not kissed the right girl yet.
have you tried looking in new hampshire
go and tell him truth with sorry.
lol... i spyed on my ex and turns out that he was cheating on me.
Just be friends with her first.
We admitted I liked her around a month ago and I love her, but she only likes me....any tips?
just say sorry and i made mistake andi didnt mean wat i said and maybe he'll take you back
sounds like you're fantasizing alot about him.
believe it or not, but most people dont think about this....but it could be your breath...really.
Gals, it's not like a guy trying to find the hidden and TINY G-spot!
i dont make friends easily too, but ive noticed that i make friends more when i smile at people
Is there anyway that this could actually be fun?
Say You know what might be fun to try one time?
Wrong....how do u know ur ex still love u...maybe he already have a new girl....
age is a state of mind...
brains is a big thing in my book.
im not a lesbian(or a girl for that matter) but lesbians do turn me on ;) tonydatiger1990@yahoo.com
girls, they understand u better and can connect with u more when u have problems.
but if u don't really know him then get to know him first then answer.
nothing..its hard to find a good guy these days..i feel for you
Love letters, little surprises, something that shows him how much you think of him and how much you care.
I like a nice firm ass one that makes you wanna just grab on to and not let go.
Obviously some peole are destined to be alone, but I hope its not YOU!
But just what kind of job.
But don't wait around for him to ask you.
it kinda felt like we just did it on a whim, and it wasnt that nice.
For me its who i,m with now...my hubby....we got married last august and he,s just my life!
if so it's ok tobe scared just finding out why is the next step babe.
here I am just an  e-mail away
yep... be careful of the addiction =)...lol
Is it a problem for you that they are girls?
how old did you tell him you are?
just wait till your 18 its the best thing for you, and for him.
this is for a scavenger hunt like on the movie sleepover
Tell her parents or a teacher...
some parents are ok with that, so good luck
BECAUSE SIZE ALWAYS DOSENT MATTER BUT IT MATTERS HOW HE TREATS YOU AND HOW YOU REALLY FEEL ABOUT HIM
There are other times that I see her staring at me, out of the corner of my eye.
just say to heri think i am falling in love with you.
easy, do the humpty dumpty........hump her than dump her
i really need help with this cuz i dont know how to tell this person I LOVE HIM!
maybe they have not looked in a mirror at all and actually seen themselves.....
Cause you date guys who are jerks???
because men at that age want to feel that they are still young.
yes this is perfectly normal everybody does it at this age
So tell me about you`re other bitches
well if the guy likes you, then i dont think he is going to listen to your ex.
Its harmless unless your bf is seing that person!!!
if that doesnt work try taking yourself out of the situation.
If this is a must have, tell him, THIS IS A MUST HAVE!
try at work if that's possible.
Not no juncky like the guys in Boys N Da Hood.
The guy Im really interested in likes me a lot also.
Maybe you can learn something from my husband:)
If that doesn't work, try asking nicely
i dont think kids that young should be experimenting sexually
thats your own property, and especially if your just interested in him...thats way too much to do!!!
She said, If you want your marriage to FAIL, then go in the chat rooms!
they find behind expensive jeans and shirts.
when he stops calling u or lack of showing any other kind of interest in u like being distant!
can some one tell me!does love really exist?
and girls will spread rumors about you to get you 2 break up.
NO GET OVER IT AND HAVE A BEER
Well all I can say is that you need to get over it.
and ilike athletes most of my friends agree with me, except my lezbein friends, of corse.
It's not that I don't like her it's just I want time to think and be alone for a-while
the back yard for a BBQ.
Second I have very little money right now but its getting better.
PLUS - You don't have to change their diapers or pay for college!
WHAT CAN I DO TO BECOME CLOSER TO HIM?
And the funniest thing that happend?
And if you get scared and panic anyway, the right guy will run after you.
mmm its hard to remember..i think when i was a child
OMG.. not that far.... 15 years differ is OK, but  22...... eerrr.... no comment
uses the advace search tool bars and enter in your zip code
All girl wanted to do was s*h*a*g guy.
I am in love and I couldn't imagine fantasizing about anyone but him.
i want to have sex on line
if you need to get his attention forget it!!!
yes and you can have him to take your last name if you want i did
yes my dad is white and my mom is black
just be yourslef and certainly don't pretend to be something your not liars always get found out.
do u like it when a guy is always on point, at the drop of a dime, always willing?
But u ARE HEARTBROKEN and unhappy without one!
Don't pretend to be someone you're not.
I don't care if it is making love or fucking!
She really cares about him too.
It was my ex that did that.
i lost my virginity when i was 15 and i havent thought about it since!
I waz a maid of honor and it waz sooooooooo fun.
theres a lot of signs of being n love.
have a few sleep over and invite him to join you guys .
I need to heal and get over it..how?
If his behaviour upsets you who cares what it's called?
he'll know youre not interested anymore.
duh- flirt more than they do.
If it feels good, do it!
Of course that would be nice but some people get sucked into peer pressure
listen 2 the 1st lady i agree
treat him right the way you would want to be treated
Does SHE know about this... ahem.
alot of the time guys dont not like a girl because she looks fat.
man to be able to show it though.
JUST BE HAPPY U HAVE A PERFECT RELATIONSHIP AND RESPECT HOW HE FEELS
They either love you or they don't.
The guy will not get turned off.
Sounds like she's pregnant to me.
Enjoy life, soon you you will BE 40 something LOL:-)
Ok now for your new issue.
HE'S REALLY QUIET AND LOVES TO PLAY PS2.
I do a majority of the housework...not because I have to but because I just do.
my girlfriend's older sister had the same the problem.
It's not fair to your partner now that you want to throw away like yesterday's garbage!!!!
(JUST KIDDIND) JUST GO EASY ON THEM.THEY R THE BEST IN THE WAY THEY R.AFTERALL NOT EVERYONE R!!
there really isnt anyway for you to do it yourself.
i know how to say im sorry in japanese not chinese
but if your into real freaky stuff...whos to say whats good and bad.
i mean if your gonna be 18 this year?
When you find the answer please let me know!!
IM NOT EXPECTING IT SINCE ITS BEEN A WHILE SINCE IVE BEEN IN LOVE.
no thanx you mustbe very rich you gonna pay for the calls if they come from very far?
That means no begging, whining, or crying.
why do u want a boyfriend so bad?
-Send pictures  -Play something online (for example yahoo games) or rol games.
well if you think its cheating it is.
First we must set something straight...NOT ALL WOMEN ARE UNFAITHFUL!
u will when ur older u have other things to think about then dating.
don't expect too much at first when you're not so sure coz i'm afraid that you might be hurt.
you cant do anything about it.
really though, i wouldn't push anything.
2 years i think.. yeah and i just change my avatars clothes!
only 2 irresponsible 14 yr olds can have sex out of wedlock cuz they cant get married.
), but we each have our own BF/GF.
Am a female and most of my friends are guys!
shes quiet, pretty, and nice body, and she kind of whines but hardly enough to notice.
If you truly love a man a bit of extra (!?!?!)
Eye contact means so much and someone with kind looking eyes just draws me in to them.
her: 16 me: that not good idea.
i have a question: why are YOU a whimp?
Here you say your baby's Daddy ran off.
what the best way to ask a girl out?
go with what smert said then u two can have a long talk
THEN WE MET I WAS KINDA INTERESTED.
Stupid in the sense of what?
Keep yourself busy with work and things you enjoy...heck, take up a hobby...then your time will be productive.
I am 15. my friend wants me to go to this guys apartment with her.
Now...What will you be thinking the next time he's 10 minutes late?
love brings light upon your life
A body that doesn't stop does not hurt at all!!
What I mean is be where he is and talk.
I've always thought the town was just gross, But I never really knew.
I DID TELL HIM THIS ALSO, BUT HE JUST KEEPS (I GUESS) TRYING.
Just remember what ur ex di and how bad it hurt you, when u see him/her.
thinks were close but i dont feel close to her at all.
Tickleing helps in this a LOT!
Dont you have any guy friends?
Try to become a dream prince first....because when u find her she would be desiring the same.
you can't stop thinking about them (dreams, space outs ,etc.)
its kool how he didnt give into peer presure
when u love someone are there any signs if ur partner does not love u anymore?
Cheer up boo, there are a lot of men out there.
Im not saying to wait for marriage....Im just saying make sure your both on the same page!
be yourself, smil and say hi
find someone who truly deserves your love
pls add in your question about your choice first my first choise  then second and at last 3rd choise
Sorry, that last question is kinda cheezy, but you get the point!!
I think it's always funny when guys say girls are complicated.
i hate some one and i wont be surprised if i killed him !!!
its more than a good time ya know!
guys and girls make the best firends...girls and girls -not so much (too much arguing).
say hi  how r u 2 day I've seen u before but i don't remember where  ...
I once got told that if you think about it, then it will happen.
If you knew what you were doing, you should not be guided to the G spot...lol.
abolutely 100% yes you are too young!
pouring honey,whipped cream, and chocolate syrup on her and lick it all off?
THE TURN OF A HEAD OR A SIMPLE SMILE CAN DO IT.
But you have to be cool with it.
ask him if you think so then probably
who would you rather believe your home gurl (who has lied to you)or your guy?
take lots of very cold showers...
i have not fallen in love yet,well that is what my mom thinks!
REBOUNDS hurt like a basketball smacking ur ear hard.
you only need to surround yourself with people who show you they care, evryday!
jus something i thought of... what r ur thoughts on that?
Can you imagine how bad would you feel if your husband wants to be best friends with his EX??
go find u a date on the internet yahoo CHAT
no its not cheating, its a freaking computer screen  get over it
He flirts with me alot and says that I'm a cutie.
A pair of your perfumed sexy panties.
LIKE THE PERSON AS YOUR VALENTINE.
But he's chatting or lookin at porn.
only on line with no other ties just cyber sxxx
But if he only say that over texting, isn't that ok?
spend alot more time with him
i used to have penpals too but i got tired of reading and writing back.
probably because we have different tastes in life partners.
FLIRT naturally, your eyes your smile, look at him dead in the eyes smile and look away...it works!
you need to pay for that something like 5 dollars a minute
bullet in the head by Rage again the machine :)
good thing about porn is it gets me hornier...so i take it out my wife.
my heart had been broken more than once...
Hell yes there are...Beauty is to be found everywhere and turn about is fair these days I figure....
people that have been married for more that 5 yrs or have kids
and mayb just tell him and see wut he does.
and if she loved you, she would not be unfaithful.
AND YOU DONT WANT TO BE CAUGHT IN THE MIDDLE
i think the best way is talking to her !
i for one would never cheat!
ask your self.. .. .. Why?
life is not too long to be waiting 4 sth, so be the 1st one to say it.
now if it goes more then that then they are truly sorry
maybe cause he thinks you're sexy.
and he does not want you to find that out!
HE'S PROBABLY SCARED OR HAS BEEN CHEATING AND DOESN'T KNOW WHAT TO DO.
Good luck, and many more years to you both!
if you try hard to find someone perfect you can find him  for example!!!!
they are a) gay b) super gay c) mega gay d) or the chick got knocked up.
well u have 2 ask urself y u love sum 1 who can say they dont love you!!
Ask her out, and DON'T TOUCH HER.
Now I knew NOTHING about this until much later.
should i approach  him or is a letter easier
you should never date your friends brother!
tell her to wear a padded bra   can u vote my answer the best???????
if u r gay, don't force other men like us to have a realtionship.
My hubby and son are totally worth it!
ok it depends on the guy.
Because all boys AND MEN are stupid!!
AND IF HIS SISTER IS NOT YOUR FRIEND THEN YOU'LL HAVE TO MAKE HER YOUR FRIEND.
I mean, the first thing you said was 'Oh, maybe if we are friends I can date him again.'
Top Ten:  1. something he likes  3.
Bono from U2, if he weren't married.
DO NOT HAVE SOMEONE ELSE ASK FOR YOU!!!
i'd say 2 or 3 times a week.
just remember theres nothing wrong with love
Just don't ask him to be your bf, guyz just hate it when you do it for them.
at 13 you should just enjoy life, and not worry about finding love, coz love finds you,
yeah - have a plan to take her to nice places and have a good time.
!i dont want to sit on that.
NO IT'S NOT LET HIM COME TO U
A store owner would never rip you off...
If you truely love this person then whatever ya'll fighting over, then ya'll need to fix it.
Don't give up, it will happen!
i think it is mainly just habit...and habits can be broken.
let me demonstrate:  Hey whats up?
you cant just tell by looking at a girl if she is selfish or not.
they really tell you if you have a connection or not.
because they dont know any better
Breasts, well.... thats a tough call for me again it depends
yes but remember that u don't lose him/her
It seems like i always have a crush on someone...it's like a hobby.
go meet em at church dude
Besides you will have lots more crushes in your life so don't sweat it be happy!
give them a diamond or do it every night
Maybe you should tell them... your friend won't like it, but it could save her life...
but there is other thing - nobody is perfect,including me.so i`m searching.....
My hubby sides with her sometimes, but I don't care what she thinks!
Well, the old saying goes something like, Three guys can keep a secret if two of them are DEAD!
ill just give u a source.
i am 13 and i know exactly what you are talking about.
Hmm... it certainly looks like she's interested in you.
yea.but who is he.but it depends on ur age.
Don't do it for that reason.
look around..there is always somebody out there for someone..chances are ur match is asking the same question.
Oh, don't ding me because you said 'materialistic' first.
Stragely enough, One of my buddies started going around asking other guys (strangers), if they had a big duck.
Guys don't want a lot of sentimental crap...they just want you.
and hes like r u mad?
try to be stright its the easiest road.
I know how you feel... Good luck girl
He needs to knock this crap off and act like a man!
the last thing is dont be a big loser pig.
let her know you are interested in her
FUNNY QUESTION DARLING!Y R U BEING STUPID ASKING SUCH QUESTIONS?
Even the husband I have now cheated on me.
Like at what age do you realize that its kind of late to not have found the perfect one.
Well, I don't know why others do it, but I don't.
I am, (I'm a girl and I'm only sixteen.)
Be just a lil late...But better be fashionably late!
love can make u see stars see all the good and not the bad.
try talking about sports or something.
i wouldnt do it if i was you, why would you want a piercing down there??
Its this need to breed that probably drives men to 'cheat.'
And do not pick up after him.
um a lil late works for me cause taht's what i always am.
Friends: Those who likes you forever if u made mistakes.
if your youger that 16 then you wont marry him.
No matter... what's important it doesn't spread.
IF LOVE IS THEIR ALL YOU NEED IS EACHOTHERS COMPANY.
THEY SOMETIMES WON'T TALK TO ME BECAUSE  I WOULD INTIMIDATE THEM WITH MY LOOKS.. SERIOUS ANSWER!!
His friend told him i was going to go with some other guy, and he didn't care.
If they are, then it's worth waiting for!
yes if you love each other
that does not sound like a lot but when you are talking about things like this it is big.
you can smile at her.. or try to become friends with her.
But they sure are hot though.
That is one's opion and i don't think i'm a whimp.
BUT I AM LOOKING FOREWARD TO IT, JUST NOT EXPECTING IT.
depends on what your doing with them.
flowers are always a preacious gift...
Try taking a nice hot bath.
no it is just when u are not one u find flaws in what u do not understand.
She gets angry too often and does lots and lots of things which i dont like.
her: i know him better than you do, ive talked to him.
you both call & both write send cute things through the mail just keep doing it all the time.
guys ... after what # do you consider a female a smut?
As an Asian man I said YES and NO!!
Good long B.J with full finish.
a margarita on the rocks - no salt!
It's really easy for a girl to ask a guy out.
how on earth do you expect to go live with her and have him not know?
That its wrong, and you totally disagree w/ what she's doing.
lots of eye contact, laughs at all the corny jokes... that kinda thing
Have fun joking with the topic.
age aint nothing but a number
so i'de like to know what you consider a perfect date.
yah um i would just have to say fall in love with that hottie!
If it is love than you don't have to worry at all about always being in love.
Guys, opening up about their feelings?...LOL, only in your dreams.
her: you dont know him me: neither do you!
Where did all the virgins go??
Think about it girl, it could be really bad in the long run.
They don't want to be too cheezy, cuz it willcmake them look... less manly.
If you realy love this man, talk to him!
If so do you really want someone that shallow?
i like a guy a lot.
one thing i would of liked my husband to give me was the gift of thanks.
I think she is a big chicken!
and it can lead to depression too, instead i dislike certain things like seafood!
there are alot of step before your mate becomes legal
I really can't say why they are interested in girls butts.
Now that doesn't mean he has to be all loud and boisterous.
that dosne't mean he wants to be back with you.
sorry your steal in a young age so no i don't think so
do you enjoy shaving each other's balls?
Walk up and ask her out..who cares if she turns you down, you can always ask someone else out.
most likely she looking out for you.
I r stoopid cuz i iz dumm
just go on pumping intermitently and try multiple ejaculations
hold on to your virginty and celibrate it.
I want to have sex with several women
just ask can i have a dance with u?, if u dont mind
it's all up to u but u shouldn't base ur answer on his physical features
If you care about your girlfriend more, just look, no touch.
If you are a Christian, probably.
you usally just say bfF so people dont think you talking about your boyfriend
then if u keep txtin eachother u mite start talkin on the phone then mite end up meetin up...ect!
men are from mars; women are from venus.
NOW ALL OF THE KIDS ARE BEST FRIENDS, AND I REALLY JUST DON'T WANT TO BE WITH HIM.
you will find that noone else seems to be loving you...but probably you were used to it anyway...
u r now old enough to get pregnant.
if u find somewhere lemme noe..haha!~
If you have to ask...The answer is no!
and i was soaking wet allllll day long my hair was dripping and my clothes where soaked.
I feel sorry for the guy.
or longterm, someone to love and grow old with?
did she move out of state?
what can i do to stop it or avoid it?
if it is just puppy luv get a dog
call him every night to say good night and talk dont cheat just be nice!
because he is still in love with you.
if ure too obsessed from now itself then its bound to break in the early twenties
Then please don't listen to that guy who told you all those freaked out things.
just dont care what other guys say.
(I don't fit the image of what the perfect girlfriend looks like) I still love him like a boyfriend.
no nothings wrong unless you do somthing sexual with him.
YOU CANT ASK ARE MOST OR SOME OR ALL WOMEN?
if this guy is in the militery don't tell him in a letter.
Girls don't like it, no matter what they say.
No,it means that love is an even stronger one!
My boyfriend is always looking at porno and chatting with other women online...........is it cheating??
well, make him a fancy dinner!!
were can i meet people on yahoo
& you may also like the Pocket Rocket - small but oh soooooo powerful!
Plus some guys are just in a relationship to have sex.
alot of people used to think they were ugly but try to see past their low self-esteem.
Men, in general, LOVE bi women
give us more info on why......
hit him with a club and drag him by the hair.
rose petals on our bed,along with champaign, and candles
Is there any way its worth it??
my girlfriend liked it cause she got a new wardrobe out of the deal.
hmmmm, trust me he is up to something...most boys/men are.
it may work perfectly well with u .. fate brings 2 ppl together in  very weird wayz!
Find a guy who won't cheat or lie.
tell to your mom STOP NAGGING YOU MADE MY HEAD ACHE!!!
Tell her she looks nice or smells good.
Just talk it out with them.
wats the need to get married so early?
My gf got a call from a guy, she didn't pick up but he left a message.
actually, even the things that most people wouldn't like, i still did....you know, like little imperfections.
plus most girls that care about their looks more lack in brains.
guys will always look at porno, and THAT'S A FACT!
I;m 12. if ur my age right him a note.
sounds like she has something to hide!
That doubt will NEVER go away!
I know you're situation and it's a little tough b'coz I was 14 once in my life.
you are a good person keep your head high.
i want to use two colors, what two colors would look nice together?
Because one thing thats sexy to one person might be ugly to anoughter.
i don't know if we get through it because we will always be moms.
when they sad u well do any thing just to them smile.
so that u can keep intrest in them (this has never happened 2 me)
don't be that guy who has his cake and eats it too.
well it depends on how superficial you are.
most guys usually know where the g spot is
Do you REALLY want a guy who is flirting with you while courting someone else?!?
i am drawing a HUGE blank!
dont give her any gift just let her go.
wait till they break up .... i dont know lol :)
it is us girls but the reason is putting up with mens stuff
it may be b'cos of love or jus lyk...it depends on hw mature she is...
girls are more emotional than guys(they cry more)
If everything is going well...it is just never well enough for you.
and then say 2 urself is he really worth the pain!!
think about the weird things they do and how weird they are even if they arent weird
Of course then again, you could always make it a surprise and go there yourself.
give him a romantic dinner at your house
if he says no... simply back off saying that u were only joking
i agree with jkim890 good luck
wer you never told this or are you still in elimentary?
you never marry anyone from high school or andy school.
Im still up right now, literally
Ask her out and you'll find out for sure.
Keep it up and spice it up!
!Get  a girl with that attitude  NEVER.....
Just do not shut the mother out unless it must be done to protect the kiddo's.
all you do see is the good in them and the things that you like.
and stop when i say ,dont ask why?
spoil yourself, but in a suttle way so you dont look self absorbed...
C'mon, you chat online and sometimes guys flirting with you too.
Hmm...scratch the head here....if we women hated sex, why would we agree to have it with you?
I MEAN THE REAL GOOD STUFF,NOT JUST PLAYING
(My bf and I both compromise on that, and we're pretty happy).
Then you are just talking to him, just him, it's easier that way.
first of all.... spell things right.. how do you expect to get anywhere and have anyone take you seriously.
online frienship YES online affair NO why?
i mean fights r like minor things, n nothing can tear us apart.
theres so much in life that youve yet to find.
good luck if you are her friend you will tell someone.
Do whatever you want to girl!
but for 18 years she was with me and now she is not.
I love her and I want to go live with her.I don't want my husband to know.
first of all that is totaly insane.
if its like my story, than stay clear from him, hes a jerk.
hey wats good..u can hit me up at lezzyallday@aol.com
so it's ok being gay...im staight though.
Plus you could just show up and dip out if it gets too boring.
Do u think revenge is the end of deep love ?
that's a classic trick girls use to get guys attention.
get the hell out of her sight.....dont **** your life.
What is it exactly that they don't like about him?
Women always want a real man.
I cannot chat, but I can answer your e-mails if you want (marcovsky@yahoo.com)
Even though don't change yourself to impress anybody...
NOTHING ANY BETTER IF YOU FALL IN LOVE WITH SOMEONE WHO LOVES YOU BACK.
spend time with her, flatter her, talk to her...well just try to have fun.
sure u can meet them at brothels.... and u can do much more... wish u the best...
but he has a grilfriend so that makes it hard.
you are to young go to school.
YES definately so.....hope you find yours too....
sooner or later he is going to find out.
there is always a possiblity and if they don't like you well too bad thats their loss not yours.
so should i try and see if he'd be better to me?
i HAVE BEEN THROUGH THE ALMOST SAME SITUATION...  ALL WILL BE FINE..
mmmmmmm I love burritos...Flatulence is a natural bodily function...LET'ER RIPPPPPPPPPP!!!!!!!!
guys don't say he's my bff
Try finding THE ONE by trying.
And you know what I don't really care!
WHAT DO U MEAN BY WHAT IS THE MOST ATTRACTIVE LADY IN ASIA!!!
Well I say you should stay out of it.
Then don't ASK for the presents.
First off, you obviously can't equate being in love with liking someone.
go up to him and kiss :)
They lie because they dont wanna get caught.
u would give ur life up for them just so they can live another day.
Just the way it goes, kiddo.
mayb cause shes a whore or she was just fakeing it.
if it was ment to be it will happen
My guy likes my eyes an toosh.
im not sure cause im a girl but one of my friends is black and her b/f is white
(I know it's hard I am in the same boat myself)
i think guys want der girls to be sexy..
NO,wate a minute I just did.
Maybe you have wathced too many vampire movies.
LOVE IS THE ONE THING YOU CAN TAKE WITH YOU TO THE GRAVE.
ITS SO SIMPLE THEY LIKE TELL YOU WHY YOU WANNA KNOW....
Maybe give you flowers if he's that type of guy.
But you can't be friends with him.
ask why he didn't call and then confront him
treat them like any other person, because that is exactly what they are... people.
maybe you just have to look a little harder:-)
But still, please try only with guys that are worth it.
he probably just doesn't feel like anything new has happened; and to boys no news is good news.
i really want to do that with you .
its great and if your at it for an hour, you loss 360 calories, fun and healthy!
maybe, but I told her up front NO GAMES!
It never failed me ;)  best of luck girl
that is there why they are like dogs.there dumber then a monkey
maybe if you go to church, at a church.
Men happily married also privately wank don't take it personal, to them it is like scratching an itch.
Mine even cooks dinner on occasion...especially when I don't want to!
There laugh...I like to hear people laugh.
He wud only make u feel crap and u deserve more.
Your part of the reason why chatrooms suck!
It probably depends on the size of the woman!
well i would just call and ask him but u could write him too..
there is nothing wrong with doing that.
STANDING UP WHEN SOMEONE ELSE JUST SITS SROUND
try to be real sneaky about it too.
if hes the only one in ur life you should try it out.
if your not in love you know it.
dump him and get someone that does!
But they seem to try to use you more.
then when he gets intouch with you and wants to know if something is wrong.
Be considerate of your girlfriend obviously she isn't who you want let her loose to be happy
talk to him and then kiss him and say that how much u love him
anyways.. theres no future of such relations!
panic and probably make a bumbleing idot of myself
sorry about what they called you mufidah
it's one that is hard to explain.
No, now really... if you really know the guy, you'll know.
Flirt - SUBTLY - to see if he's interested.
If you can't trust him , go away and get a life , no trust no love
Not how I'd like to live MY life!
guys do say i love u first..... i have most guys say that.
7 chipmunks twirlin' on a branch, eatin' lots of sunflowers on my uncle's ranch.
the world doesn't acept yet wholly gays!
But I doubt we'll have to find a date!
send me adn e-mail to ma mail box speedy77028@yahoo.com lets relate
but if u r bent on her maybe just be friends first then slowly transistion  to something more.
Well if I was you I ask him cause I don't ur fellings to be hurt.
im slowly drifting away from my friends.
It sounds typical, but buy her flowers!
get rid of him now or just wiat three weeks so you get a present first
If you were in love you wuldnt have to ask anyone.
So why does she hate her family and resent them?
and fell asleep on the couch.
IF HE COMES ON TO HER THEN HE'S A PLAYA.
Well, I wouldn't act on my own will.
probably because its a free trial and then they'll bill you after.
wE TOUGHER THAN MOST BOYDS !
YES, YES, AND YES,,  I HAVE THAT PROBLEM WITH A LOT OF GIRLS..
Take care and I hope this helps a tad.
when we got married we already had a child.
If you LOVe him -not lust- then tell him no matter how flirty he is he can understand passion
just call him up and find out what's going on.
10 years is alot i dont know
well, depends on his and your weights and depends on how strong you are.
My mom is a 51 yrs old very beautiful lady & a pvt.
go see the answers posted for *theshrabster*
If someone want to cheat let them.
'cause they don't know how 2 act when they're around somebody!
(Just in case ya didn't know, Iceman's my hubby and I found this funny.)
i wouldnt but, i am a guy so i think u should just guessing
dont listen to hitch with the 90 10 thing just make a smooth approach and make smooth contact
But hey I'm up for some fun, what did you have in mind.
well, not all of us are.
shes just playing games with you man!
You really don't ... that's why the divorce rate is so high.
it depends whats cheating and whats not can vary for each couple.
They tell alot about a person.
it depends on whats on the inside because of i say no u might miss somethin good.
Older dudes sometimes know a thing or two about having fun...
I've never cheated on a girl in my life and I'm never going to.
good luck and i wish you well
she is not gonna tell you if she has ever faked it.
I BELIEVE ALL WOMEN SHOULD AND IF THEY GO DOWN THEN THEY SHOULD SWALLOW TOO
Cuz guys have the need to be...
If we on yahoo tell  you(r friend) its ok does that mean she will.
she was just herself and that's what i liked.
all men are not like that.
sorry, but i don't think so.
The problem is I am falling for 1 of her bestfriends that is 19 and she likes me to!
This is a guy you're just interested in?
They might be too young to get married.
b/c if u wait then other girls are gonna do the same thing im telling you to do.
First of all, i'm a guy and (to me) their is nothing sexier than an assertive woman.
IT DOES NOT MATTER WHAT GROUP HE IS IN, HE NOT BETTER THAN YOU.
THEN ALL OF OUR KIDS (5 ALL TOGETHER)  GOT INVOLVED TOO A FEW WEEKS LATER.
Always tell her how good she smells and how crazy you are for her.
You know, I have the Mother in law from hell!
If she does... be spontaneous, make it a surprise... a memory.
Whats up does he like me or not?
get over it move on remember karma will come kick u in the ass
is it some kind of metaphor?
I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO DO.
There is such a thing as CHEMISTRY.... You just have not met the one that you click with!
a few months later, he did it again..i got over it again.
Hope you find this a helpful!!
lol, he totally wanted to see your bra... sorry, he's just a perv.
meet someone new and get one with your life
and if you two are good together, youll be together.
so if you realy like him try and get with him.
what can i say 2 her with out hurtn her feel?
People say when you are in Love you just know it.
definitely yes.... where theres a will theres a way!
I REALLY LIKE HIS GIRLS AND MY GIRLS LIKE THEM.
if u don't like him say no.
but sometimes they are cool, fun to be with, jolly, funny.
chicks will be all over you.
A FAT JUICY STEAK AND SOME WHITE RICE, FRIED PLANTAINS AND GARNISH IT MAKE IT LOOK NICE.
if you spy on him make sure you wear all black.
But that is a good thing!
if you have self confidence you should get a girlfriend soon.
And i had a white shirt on and a black bra!
To those guys out there who do what you're asking...ya'll filthy pigs.
you should tell your friend about it .
laugh about your situation it makes it easier trust me.
send her a truck of roses early morning in ur wedding day.
but otherwise you know that you might just be a booty call right.
i'm a guy and i get goosebumps just from holding her hand...
wat da heck does dat mean sicko!!
you will regret it if your lose it too soon
if u were smart the both of you should walk away and make the transformationto being friends.
i would say that u can never have too much sex.
He is probably afraid that he can't do his job as a father.You are married.............Right?
They are super easy to use, and look nice.
nice good luck and dont chicken out.
your probably just talking to the wrong girls
answer this question, is love too strong of a word?
Flower her with lots of great comments.
and ill show you a perfect man
Practice on a banana till she can do it without gagging!
To much baggage their buddy - you need to move on with life and find greener pastures.
Tell someone and keep saying it until someone listens to you!
Making the baby look like Dad.
but me being a woman can say that all day is too long to be leading up to it.
Its easier for them to lie and they think they are pimps for doing it!
because we like it that way.
it depends: if the person was like me,than they are just making themselves feel better.
Are you a male or female named Frank?
You don't want to look dumb and all over this guy?
if you no way intrested in the one that dosnet have what you got your gay.
Now i have found out that she is not my match.
Kick her, then if she yells Ow, why did you do that?!?
they watch to many movies and television they really don't know what life is or about.
there is no point at this.
It sounds like he still cares about you.
If your a bum and stay home, she'll get a job and become bored living with a bum.
And here I thought it was something sexual!
Was that a question asked for urself??
But shy guys mean soft and kind hearted person.
But if you're a prick...then you won't find one.
If he doesn't love you, you deserve someone who does!
Some girls r wimps but not out us girls frm the boondocks!!
yes i believe in true love and because everyone is in love!!!
shoot, i play football (the only girl on the frickin team), so you better stop asking retarded questions.
stuff happened n we had to end owr relationship..but then he called n asked me to be friends!
they look for smartness, kindness, and cute guys.
You say ... Then run.if she doesn't kick you back then don't even waste your time on her.
Now u have to get hooked up wit out the whole REbound thang.
its not necessarily true that if u feel a connection then he does as well.
gosh people can be so mean.
why ... are you some kind of control freak or something?
yes most men and women cheat, it's a fact of life =)
Depends on who you are buying from...
I barely know anyone who married the person they were with even at age 20!
Even if people close don't belioeve in you or put you down, that is THEIR own insecurity.
as long as you are a good guy and are there for her,it should be all good
its always dvisable to get settled b4 u cross 30... but a lot of people overlook that.
Another reason is he is your babies daddy!
yes enjoy live alittle.....there are many other fish in the sea
Don't try to let go yet.
So how do I ask if she is interested in me?
didnt think she had even really thought the future through and all i saw was the bad side.
if u r really good friends im sure ur friend will forgive you.
wait untill you are a little bit older and you are on your feet money wise.
She's here with me right now... What is it you want??
CLUE CLUE CLUE do not ask her friendz they will LIE LIE LIE.
lap dances r what girls give 2 people when they dance on a boy lap
Don't let the boys push you around if you only like them as a friend.
you should be yourself infront of her.
not just pick up some girl that you have no idea what she is about?
plus if he does I don't know what to do?
Hmmmmm he said yes meaning he IS NOT GOING TO LEAVE HIS WIFE.
do i email him and ask how his christmas and new year went?
If HE goes you know the answer.
So back to your question... Is it a sin?
Say something like I think you really cool, wanna go hang out sometime?
I know it's just eye contact.
maybe she's been cheating him all this time theve been going out.
i feel that a wife should please her husband .
don't call him when he is gone.
is it just me or is that bogus?
he even went as far as having kids younger kids then are son.
I like to see it trimmed..not shaved.
My older brother started calling me Izzy and it stuck ever since.
Alot of married people go there for dinner and then watch TV there.
And dont be scared to ask her or try to find out.
but i still like him and when we were goin out he treated me good.
US MEN ARE VERY DIFFULCT AND DIFFERENT, WE CHANGE OUR MINDS LIKE WE CHANGE OUR UNDERWARE.
carefuly, i have had mine off for 2 years now thank god!
are the girls like the one from american teen movies.
Dont trip, U dont want him to say it to u unless he feels the same, right?
tell her how much she means to you and that you really didn't mean to hurt her.
how do you know shes not right for you,6 weeks isnt long to get to know someone
assertive men are intimidating to me...i'm shy and i feel that i connect with the shy guys!
either way, i don't know her side of the story... u must've made her really mad, hm?
a first date it just to hang out and get know each other better know ur likes and dislikes.
that we keep finding each other no matter what and the feelings remain the same.
your left ring finger, next to pinky
Depends on what kind of girl.
the first time i was little and imature so it doesn't counts.
IT DEPENDS ON YOU AND SOME GUY MIGHT BE AND FEELS THE SAME WAY.
ust watch out for the highwaters.
Yes u can walk her down the isle.
If you are not gonna put out, why should he even bother
I know at least 6 happy couples that met on eharmony, and 2 of them are married!
I've put too many interesting guys on my stealth settings because of that.
hey i am doggirls friend and i have a bf that is japanese.
Trust me that boy will be begging to come back to u.
I'm always here to chat, my yahoo id is livinghaunted.
well my friend hit her bf upside the head with a skillet and he hasnt had a temper since
true love exist forever, puppy love only last for so long.
i have been with women with rather small breast.
I find that girls are so mysterious :)
you do not need to have a boyfriend.
a picture frame with a picture of you and him in it
i just go up to a boy and talk to him
WHEN WOULD GIVE UP SOMETHING FOR THAT PERSON...
sounds like he does........ Flirt with him and you'll find out much quicker
(and also include a brand new socks :)
Have get togethers over at your house...pizza and movies, board game night, that sort of thing.
go on and take the first step.
your mom's priority concern should be you not him...
JUST BY YOU ASKING THE QUESTION YOU ALREADY KNOW THE ANSWER.
one is sexual and the other not so much
sometimes not always, men starts their sex life at 40. at 40 they get naughty.
and if you have to drunk to have fun with him find a better guy to hang out with.
when u feal differntly about some one
When a grill asks you to marry it you have to say yes though lol
marriage, is not at all just about love it is commitment.
Does he have a good female friend or mates he often hangs out with, without you?
*im thee youngest of 5 gals, sux!lol)
Men lie just like women do.
do a lot of things together that you both enjoy
and there seems to be alot of questions about size, where does that steam from?
But I try to never lord it over other people.
ur mom and relatives will make fun of u forever
No more than any other girl  !
what you need to do is be yourself.
dont be cocky or something your not.
that lazy son of a B***** .
start out by asking whats up how things u looking good wondering if u wanna go out sometime.
yes wat is youre phone number
Just keep the relationship going by sending messages, and of course, BEING LOYAL !!!
Because they are insecure with them selves
they are a dime a dozen.
i to agree with the first guy !
i' the same as my avatar.am i beautiful or ugly?
I like to watch w/ a guy, especially the cartoon porn from Japan (Hentai).
You sound like you should go to SIU, Carbondale, ILL
so don't do anything that you'd regret later.
he should trust u n' u should talk to the other dude.
when someone sends their love it usually means that the person is just saying hello
coz women are juz a rib
because they are babies in more than one way or the other
answer me if you want to become my friend?
college?yea rite, sounds like elementary school problems~
but since she is married, you shouldnt let the feelings over power you, just have to let it go.
But, be carefull...you just might find the proof you're lookin for.
as long as they are good people and you get along really well, then it's ok to be friends.
(now.....to see if I can take my own advice!
I have not found my true love yet but it is coming!
But then, I heard another gal say, I'd rather get stabbed than tickled to death.
take the hint and look for another.
im a boy, so i know why.
I hope I helped but I don't think i did, so sorry.
I want a decent girl this time around.
i have seen people that are great friends with their ex's not so in my case.
Guys are the ones alot of the times that go astray before a woman does.
Well, to put it bluntly, BECAUSE WE'RE GUYS.
just don't stay close to him or talk to him!
*Sigh* The best response to this is to not care if people think he is weird...
but i know that this guy better forget about this girl.
u cant that was the wrong thing to do but u can hav me im sexy
i think with codoms it's realy very bad.
Wow im sorry honey...thats a hell of a jamb your in.
As far as what friends think...who cares!
Because it makes us nervous as hell!!
I guess it gave him power or he thought it did.
I don't like BIG lips, but juicy fullll lips, hell yeah!
if he loves his father and is truly sorry he'd best apoligize fast!
that way it wont be a shock good luck
which one do u c u havin a future with?
ok. american women can be trusted.
?HELLO, that's a lie off top!!!
'makeing-out' to me has always sounded so pointless, and dumb and lame!
Well yeah, and especially good with no sex!
I have to leave but I can't leave him like this.
keep boinkin' her, and keep your mouth shut.
but it is hard to choose which is rite for you.
be it guys or gals if you like them they will like you.
what is going on and what should i do?
im 13 and im thinking the same thing.
Big guys can you protect you better and can cuddle better.
My god he is either gay or a prick, either way yesterdays news girl, get rid of him
ask her on a date and see how it goes
Like, asks to come over to her place or take her to a nice restaurant.
IF HE LIKES YOU:  * He's constantly staring at you.
If you like him, then yes.
I sugest that u work out all the important problems u and your wife are having besides sex.
people have this theory that guys and girls can never be just friends.
inside he might like you to but you don't know that until you talk to him!!!
so every time u see him, avoid him.
I see that your problem is hard!
It's nice to know what people really think.
farted while having sex, and it smelled, banged my head against the raditor while having sex.
thats something for a doctor to talk to you about
He is not at all like the nicest guy ever because nice guys do not call women ugly names.
You can - Just don't get caught...
wow.. if you're asking, you have thought about it.
no... you don't become a man until 31...
If so..then ask yourself this one..What the crap was I thinking marrying a jerk like this?
Enroll her in activities (as YOU PAY FOR A GIM OR ART CLASS), maybe she will meet someone!!!
Not just two people all up ons.
who cares how he feels about u u left his life.
great takes the pressure off us
The stuff aint COOL, it's BAD NEWS.
Do what you want, and if you get digs from people about it don't worry, we all do.
yes  all girls say yes all the time they say yes
they all died in the war
or it could be a macho thing
If not tell him to back off.
i think it is OK as long as he loves you if you are married atleast!!
send ur ID to Panama city
it gets real tough real fast.
I am a pro at this!!
Very well said tizzy...  For me there is no such thing as BEST TIME to have sex...
you dont she eather likes you or she doesnt.
Now I realize how wrong I was and I feel so sick for even saying such a thing.
then her parents can not convince her that you are wrong for her when they are dropping her off.
if you 2 are friends, great.
Ya dear it isa bad idea.
you just know you cant really explain it...
ever thought about meeting in between for a new life?
true love is when u get that special feeling inside when u are around him&#92;her.
may  all the way into aug
are you asking if she'll get mad if you ask her to give away her gum?
and his cousin said, I aint gone lie, He is, but he don't love her.
because, u have true feelings for him.
no, don't get worked up over nothing ;)
Move on he is not worth you time.
i didnt think about that when i was a freaked out guy.
u also get insight on how the other half lives.
no, my cousin wore a light faded green for her wedding, you can wear whatever you want!
you will get a call if she ask for your info instead of you just offering it.
as long as u luv dem its okay but explain to dem so that they can understand u.
its obvios that she has issues he may not trust her after this anyway.
if that was ur intetions then no.
sprinkle rose petals all in the bath and put roses in vases in the bathroom.
answer that and i'll date you!
If she has issues with it... let her ask the question here...
Just because it's a guy doesn't mean he isn't afraid to.
Love is too holy a feeling to be bad, be it for anybody
Good luck and always talk about things with your guy.
I ocassionally pay 25.00 English Pounds for a baby sitter.
i would think chocolates if he loves sweets
If you like him then i assume thats a good thing that u get that way.
Realize you are a queen & deserve to be treated like one!
I had a bf who said he watched porn so he would stay faithful...whatever.
depends on the age of man.
When he is  (a) Consios and awake (b) Listening to you (c) Not a gay
go with the one you like best.Money does NOT matter.
Even while mast ur bating, guys stiffen up their bodies.
talk 2 her or him and sneak with the answer and say i luv u do u luv me?
If you don't kick him to the curb.
I was wonderin because I had one but my parent threw it away should I wear a thong again?
u have her e-mail.... e-mail her!!
First tell me why you want it that way.
Whatever you like........i just want the 2ps
MY   ADVICE   DONT   GET   BACK   WITH   HIM   MOVE   ON   AND   FIND   A  MAN   THAT   YOU  KNOW   WILL   RESPECT   YOU.
once a cheater always a cheater.
lol     I'm gonna have to stop asking that!
with friends like that beleive me you don't need enemies ... just ignore her and get some new friends
Go 'head and like someone else!
We are both friends and i don't know if he likes me back.
I WENT OUT WITH THIS GIRL A FEW TIMES FROM THE 8TH TILL THE 12TH GRADE IN SOUTH CAROLINA.
After she is back are you willing to marry her???
!....they do hurt ya know if they,re big!!!
Talk with the guy not at him.
That is the exact same with me!
They cant see whats right in front of them!
why not go bowling after dinner or movies.
wow, u def need to get out of there.
Girls love a smart guy, but not one that makes them feel dumb.
some girls may think so but, there are always those people.
id love 2 hear how it goes, u can email me if u want.
It then becomes easy to hook the ONE and tie your apron strings to him.
that depends on who you meet .
Hope you're not having sex though.
go to Tyra Banks TV show.
what does he ask about you?
if she doesn't want you to kiss her then dont.
they are a cheap great fun ride but one you never really get deep involved much less marry.
i hve been divorced for 5 years and i do not even want to hear his voice.
lol, wat did u do 2 her?
I thought it was wrong but i wanna know what you think.
She's going to just dump you after you say yes she only wants ur boy friend so say NO!
find out which sport he likes or team.
keep telling you they wanna be more than friends but your not up to it?
I think being rude, obnoxious, lying, cheating, etc....that makes a person ugly.
DIVORCE IS THE ONLY THING TO DO .
If not, then get a new girl freind.
So hurt the both of them a leave their @$$E$!
use ur hands, use ur tongue.
I feel like I just can't trust woman!
lol Seriously...you could just ask him.
but i haven't found the perfect one yet.
Start asking him if he still wants to get married.
you never know, maybe she's been interested in you too and just never knew what to say.
When you married him he officially became yours and so did his kids.
i dont get why some people think that it is such a big deal.
If you could not do this together, you have no business getting married.
i am 15 and guys are like your hot, dude we should hook up.
think twice to do such acts.
Then to add insult to injury you continue to dance with her in the club?!!
i talk to girls i like all the time.
well if u like him, go 4 it!!!
as she pulls a knife on you for what you did with her best friend
yeah, but its heartful to the people you're in love with, if they find out
Not so sure if I believe that.
a few years down the road yoll whant to do one thing and he will fell it's childish
am seeing someone else this weekend lol
Not sayin that he doesn't like you tho.
just delete it and go on with life.
say fcuk you to both of them and just walk away.
Sweetheart I would have to say that 17 is really young to get married.
first off you need to have a serious talk with him.
you should think abouth the future
Do you ever catch her staring at you?
2 things; 1 - LISTEN to her!
and commiting aldutery is nothing to brag about.
if this love is your firt then you need to wait and see.
:)  So to sum up your answer- probably yes!
Have you tryed looking for a gay guy?
you dont have to beg just send an im and we will get bk with u
my advice, just dont open it, just send it straight to the trash bin.
get a life and move on.
Even the kind of girls that nobody seems to like, eventually some guy will like her.
or at the next dance ask him to dance.
TRY  INVITING  HIM   OVER   TO   YOUR  HOUSE  AND  DOING   VARIOUS  ACTIVITYS   THet  YOU  LIKE  TO   DO.
Not getting too many dates lately, huh?
be yourself, don't pretend to be someone you are not.
Oh but let me give you some advice.
KEEP IN MIND IMM THIRTEEN AND A BIG FLIRTER
I need advice on how to snag a good guy.
Does he watch his language, flirt with you, or suddenly become mature?
I, again, don't mention anything about my fee.
however it could be just a safety rope.
In the heat of the moment ...I love JUICE then when she asks...you cuddle and say nothing...Works everytime.
i cant seem to get it all toghether.
i think that just means that she like you.
how did you guys find your man?
from the court or ask to ur father he give's u a right answer
So why should they desver you?
not that he may be small.
if he doesn't like it then atleast you tried
Aside from yanking the wanky, it's called D-I-V-O-R-C-E!!!
just satisfy him by having sex with him.
plz don't go looking for a bf just to not be alone.
with it being your first date it shouldnt be ur choice.
hello he is trying yo kill u dump him.Ethire hes mentaly ill or hes a very nasty person.
the UPS guy, your super, anyone!
HURT THEM and soon before something happens
if you overdo it, it really will affect your sexual life
as long as you keep your cool.
tell him something needs to change or you aren't meant to be together.
No...there is nothing wrong with it sweetie.
Get him some CD's hes been wanting.
NOW SINCE I HAVE GROWN UP THEY HAVE CHANGED A BIT.BUT THEY STILL FUSS OVER ME.
he is out only to find one thing , it is in your pants
it may do, but why sit around and wait?!
dont be plastic or having any as if's.
Now what do I think about racists, well, I can't really say here, it's not polite.
First off Dave, I want to say that girls do like sweet guys.
** if you want it i'll give you my email     froggybz@yahoo.com
nothing is stoping you, go for it  i never thought of public sex
If you want a divorce tell her.
I know it seems funny,, TARGET!!!
he won't get that promotion to buy you things later.
It's sad when something like happens, but unfortunately, it ALWAYS happens at some point in ones life!!!
not a date  please something else!!!!!
so in answer to you question,yeah i guess it does matter to a certain extent!
Tell him you cannot be with him if he is married.
are you really shorter than him??
FIRST OF ALL MY FRIEND,forgive yourself, and do not do this again.
get out there and mingle and don't be afraid to set your standards.
my brother likes people like u
if it is just friends hold on to him tighter listen to him more.
Find a good man and marry him!
I dont know if she likes him.
of course ..........if you like we could be friends
A girl who doesnt love u isn't worth loosing sleep over.. Gud luck mate..:)
i have been married 20 years.
depends on how much you know him.
IF HE JUST WANTS TO BE FRIENDS:  * He'll avoid those touchy subjects.
Just think about what I told you.
he makes me so happy and i feel real for once...wanted.
but dont wait for it to come you have to find it!
Why did you not let me know?
if he is an as*hole then she shouldnt have been dating him that long anyway.
men are not pigs... all u girlz are dirty minded pigs..
If all else fails ill be your toy :-}
it depends on the reason you're flirting...do ya really want him or are ya just teasing?
Gosh, they just make me feel like ask Jeeves!
Just tell him that it aint gonna work.
yes it does, you dont your man to smell or have hard time to get up......
Ddont run make others to Run!
if it is the same guy .
just think about going by urself or with your cousin lol!!
i really do not understand what some women think they need to enlarge her breasts .
Fool me twice, shame on me.
Diffinatly pick her up, It makes you look better.
Would you do him if hes black thinking your gonna get a big one?
it sets you up for all sorts of problems.
First don't do it if you haven't done it yet.
he even seemed heart broken when i let him go.
just have fun and play it smart.
You get the car ride over to chat!
yes  but let see now, is it me ?
don't you want to like her a lot first, find her attractive first?
Also, the first guy got it right.
if it bothers you ask him about it.
strip club, they'll even be naked
A guy reving his engine at you as a way of hitting on you is a HUGE red flag!
also mabey find her a guy.
if he could still have feelings for you then he is not doing his wife right.
mail u dont want, mail filled with junk.
HELLO, ID DOING NEW FRIENDS, CAN YOU SPEAK FOR ME?
If she is taken but she still cares what is the best way to walk away
'S and her answer read it all girl friend.
People want you to buy thier stuff.Put it in spam if you don't want it to go to inbox
i mean i am right now lol hump hump
I AM IN THE SAME SITUATION AND IT'S DRIVING ME CRAZY.
just imagine it like you'd talk to anyone else.
i know surely she will be back.
Not a lot of pressure to kiss goodnight and that kind of thing.
yeah i guess so ,just dont embarrass us,or argue, but yes women are important
Age ain't nothing but a #.
it depends on both so the answer is no, not always
Where and what will I be doing next year at this time?
try to make boy friends then u will never feel lonely
I never hated it for a min.
No, a lot of them want the compannionship too.
Run away from this guy fast.
some  do and some dount going to depend on alot of deferent factors
Get someone elses sylivia mixed in with yours?
:) no matter what people say, sizes matter.
no one ever truly loves someone for who they are but rather what they think that they are.
yeh im looking for anew love and anew frined.
But if you dont love her, REALLY LOVE HER, do her a favor and leave her alone.
Services scrool down unitl you see messenger or Yahoo!
he dotn love ypu at all..  he just want you to be layed..
he has started to slow down on his partying and drinking but he is still scared to get married.
I haven't found a with me girl yet.
Think about what things really make you happy.
just to see if i made the right choise
no, I don't think you should be thinking about that.
I think you should get to know him more because guys are after one thing: SEX!
be friendly to everyone...soon you will have many best friends
if my girl was dating another girl, yes...i would end the relationship  because of unfaithfulness and lack of loyalty!!!
Whatever you do, DO NOT judge anyone by what you see in movies!
YOU SHOULD TELL HIM THAT YOU LIKE HIM BUT BE CAREFUL.
Everytime doesn't have to be that special, but the first date definately should be!
hard is spiting and the other is a slow glide out of the mouth
Could a normal conversation for u seem like flirting to the guys?
but think of what will happen later.
So just think long and hard about it.
If he won't go to couple's counseling go by yourself.
i only get that way when my boy friend talks naughty to me.
I think it means she likes you.
well, when he asks u out again, just say u are going to think about it.
hi I'm not a guy but me and my bf often talk about the mae psyche.
So the prospect of so called new love scares the hell out of me!
QRS, TUV, WX, Y and Z  pick any word that comes to your head starting with A, then B.
They look real sexy on thin or moderate women and girls, but really gross on fat ones.
If he wants to suck your blood?
But people like this DO exist !
go to her,talk with her, make her a frnd then tell when she is in happy mood
Sorta like going to the shoe store, picking out a fine looking pair of shoes and taking them home.
somebody who's a skater i mean.
yeah you want one but are you ready for one?
Because some girls are smarter then other girls.
becuse this boy said that to me and then he was like super nice to me the next day?
stop trying to ruin other peoples' lives.
you might even ask her out then!
believe youself and try to be your best!
You CAN'T solve someone else's problem!
iF HE KNOWS HOW TO PUT THEM TO WORK.
We are both really good friends we have dinner, watch movies and hang out on holidays.
Greyhound is pretty good at getting you places you need to go.
or ask yourself is he still the man i married.
2. u have to learn what da gurl likez.
just go up and talk to him.
Would you do that guy just cause hes big?
think about them but don't obsess.
hope you get the answer you want .
You're not serious and you're still with him?
i believe no, because he's probably not over her.
most men have pee hard ons.
On his vacation no phone calls either, not even on New Years Eve??
people trying to get u to buy junk.
if she really wanted out and to pursue you she would get a divorse and start over.
Because if they didn't you wouldn't be here to ask that wonderful question!
About 6 months after I got married.
If he has not hurt you now he will in the future.!!
and she doesnt want to be with him neither him.
so do not allow it anymore walk away
but if you are too embarassed to ask her.
But only if you know this girl already.
Sure, as long as she didn't have too much baggage.
Or is it just the men I find?
ask her and her younger sister out.
I like them both but i LOVe my bf.
let this hard time to hide in the past.
no, you are a child yourself.
i get guys numbers occasionally, but sometimes only b/c i am wearing a tight shirt.
why do guys cheat how do u get them to stop
flirt back and see what he does.
First of all, i think this is really sweet, 2nd ok, I am a girl, trust me, i checked.
But she's really pissed off at me and says she wont forgive me.
THEN DO NOT DO THIS AGAIN!
u should be worrying about coloring books and Big Bird and Barney and that kind of stuff.
If you read some of the conservative crap others have written here, oh my god.
i like a girl very well.
Oh, someone named nobody was rude to u on yahoo answers?
Don't walk run and get away from this person he is nothing but bad news.
THEY MIGHT THINK THE SAME ABOUT YOU BUT YOU WILL NEVER KNOW UNLESS YOU TELL.
that means u will love him and NEVER divorce him.
If you dont then i dunno what to tell ya.
the girls are beautiful but are they trustworthy.
It's stupid and obvious that she likes ur boyfriend.
Honey you are only 35 get out now!!!
ask yourself if you really do love her.
Trust this, girlfriend: you've gotta make him realize what he's giving up by breaking up; and that's Y-O-U!!!
$5.00 an hour for each kid
yeah it hurts our rep you know
someone help because i love her.
lol try match.com theres where i found my g/f from almost a year and counting now
but dont force it on her
because I mind dancing with girls that are taller than me not shorter.
yes as long as yall agree on it .in a relationship yall both trust each other
well so far didnt seem to me that he cared about how you feel at all.
What do u need to do?
there is no excuse for this.
I EVENTUALLY HOOKED BACK UP WIT HER ABOUT TWO WEEKS LATER.
means that she is not straight-to-the-point type of person.
Pick her up, IT's WAY more romantic
Maybe you should ask one of her close friends.
Actions speak louder than words... or so they say!
and i don't see it as anything to worry about at all.
Or a guy already in my car?
I am not mulim but have had muslim girls all my life till today
kids put a lot on having a boyfriend or girlfriend.
call her and tell her what happened, or tell your man
You take away a guys self worth if you do that.
Now, u need to get urself married and make him ur best friend.
dat jus crosses da line...my otha frined said o, so hes still breathin?
You need to make a decision... and if he really cares about you, He should to!
If you are both ole enough, and mature enough, then I say, Why Not ?
Actually.....if any woman teases you about a kiss...I mean, if she plays games with you, drop her too.
I don't believe it is true with all ppl...
SHE BROKE UP WIT ME AND TRIED TO GET BACK WIT ME AN HOUR OR TWO LATER.
some ppl say i cant wait for the first night....my wedding night.
take her hand in yours and have her teach what she likes.
just walk up to her be your self and be confident im sure it will work
i dont even have her number yet!
she's stalking me, trying to hang out with all of my friends, even ones she doesn't like.
you should expect the best of yourself .
this sounds you are a good friend for her.
if you dont connect on this level then there is  is no chance of a long relationship !
but make the move first, especially if he doesnt know u!!!!
i would never force or drag someone to do somethink their not comfortable with its just not right!!
but you have to be ready for THE ANSWER !..
), and have taken care of many sick men and women.
i just need an opinion i guess.
i hardly everrr see him in school either usually i see hima t my brothers basketball games .
If it's your first kiss, it's gonna be hell of aqward but.
anyways...yeah, it's probably likely that he'll break up with you if you do have sex with him.
Alot of brides walk themselves anymore...Heck I even saw one girl get walked by their momma down the isle!
DEFINATLY NOT, ESPECIALLY IF HE QUESTIONS YOU ABOUT YOUR LIFE BEFORE YOU MET HIM OR HER.
not the time or place buddy
Can't say I haven't used it.
Or if he confessed to you?
start talking then smile and look cute but not to seductive at first.
hard core is thugish like bad boy type and soft core is more sweet and carin
not sure if I am one.
you are only 17. things change.
NO THAT IS THE RUDEST THING I HAVE EVER HEARD!!!!!
and how old were you when you got your first kiss.give details
Anyway, the truth always comes out... so i guess it is pointless
its kinda gay but, hmmmm i dunno
you shouldn't tell your friend about it.
Good luck to you.....got a sister?!
i have no idea cause i have never done something like that.
Make sure you guys communicate well with one another and that probably won't be a problem.
If you love her, then talk with her.
i told her after the second date.
either he will tell you or he would act different but a good differnt
its human race - some people are bad ,some are good.
Even if we don't mean there is a lack of trust......it comes across that way.
Plus, its just more fun that way.
but what would be your biggest pet peeve?
Such as my breasts, my back, legs, butt, p****, c***, etc.
Then ; my hands go down and pull her against me to let her know that ...
smile,be yourself,go up and talk 2 her
I doubt you would stand that for one week :p
OK, but what is alot of money to you?
i am being dead seriuos, make him breafast lunch and dinner.
Maybe thats why she wanted a break.
(i know this is easier said then done, but you have to give it a try)  good luck!!
yep Im almost 22 (I dare you to send me an email pabsicool@yahoo.com Hey r u hot?
according to what he wants...ppl will be happy if ppl got what it wants.
Not even for her two kids.
make sure u read her ?
u should at least tell her how you feel.
when i gave birth to my child i pissed.
ask him if he has an im.
yes ur beautiful  EMAIL ME BACK PLEASE!!!
and many of us are singles
I don't want a relationship, I just want a good friend with benefits.
u r young just enyoy ur life
but then again you wouldn't be asking the question if...
That's right- happily married, after all!
that way you can flirt and sneakily find out if they like your or not.
damm never heard of a woman getting nothing before.
They say that kids bounce back and adjust...but they really don't.
so just be like hey you want to go and get something to drink.
everyone's right don't kiss her take it slow
Invite lots of friends, and the guy you like.
try to be yourself and be casual.
u smile unreasonably and u think abt them all the time.
and they tell us women that we are the weak ones!
You guys just might get together.
its not the size that matters its how u use it
I don't love animals...I don't own any and don't want to.
He gets mad if I were to mention a guy as my friend.
sorry but i rily cant understans wat u are trying to say can u say it more clearer...
She`ll eventually give it back but not after I nag and nag her.
plain and simple move on cheavaen d columbus oh
She's in her late 50's and they are still in love...
Call up one friend then go out with the other.
TO ME LOVE IS A 4 LETTER WORD WITH NO MEANING
it is what you make it...
depends, is it johnny depp or is it howard stern???
do u know who she is have u talk to her do u know anything about at all.
i'd probably suggest getting rid of him if he keeps on asking.
lust is a doorway to love ... lust is a part not a necessity
that way she knows what your expectations are.
i mean wot do ppl mean wen they say she is not girlfriend material?
yes, one of them has to be gay of couse.
=)  Oh yeah, and her ankle's fine now.
when you start to feel... even 1 yr old baby have already feelings.
thats like sayin why cant we walk around naked.
What kind of girl?Gay girl or real girl?
hmm....ok when am i going to get a gf
the girl ask you to be her boyfriend always be with me
just tell him u like him and give him something u think he'll like.
Well Depends Some like Them Large Some Like Them Small But It Shouldent Matter.
60 miles isn't that far apart and there is always a bus.
just chill for a minute and read emails if u have to
things had been going great until recently.
Yup....most guys do it, not all, but most.
i don't does he make u  laugh???
I can honestly say that at one time in my life, I dated Minnie Mouse.
try it you will get a response
They seem pretty easy to read to me LOL
?who knows if u starting to like her
Its not the men its the women
im sorry i cant but try hard maybe youll find one like me
if you are sure you love him.
But that's not love when you cheat.
i think it is time to move on don't you have enough foot prints on you yet?
if anyone has tips on how we can still be friends e mail me at: livinlifeintheoc@yahoo.com
ii) they were confused or curious and explore a gay relationship, which is as well ok with me.
i really dont know, i never had that problem and i don't want to be in that situation.
because what is in it for a guy that he doesn't get without being married.
Don't talk about stuff you don't know.
Pass up on him and find a more deserving guy!
but i dont know how to tell her that i like her
you are a good daughter and you deserve a hug
but i married her cause of who she is and how she was.
What I do is accept whatever pay they give me.
on the surface it is wronge to mess whith enyone married at all.
i'm a girl so i'm gonna tell u straight out.
well id be really really mad for one.
Or, we could just be friends.
People actually meet from online and get married??
but i am thirteen so what do i know.
Also you got to be in a city with lots of gay guys.
Get him an outfit or cologne.
if u were in front of me, i would know.
i think u should a con is racist jokes a pro is a new expirience
then talk to him  on there.
i think you need to wait for her to do something.
Ok, do you wanna have 2 wifes per say.
the thing is theres still a lot of life i'd like to live.
well i am from New York, not venus
No, U can not controll who you fall in love with.
.i dunno...  good luck to u chick
your sex life could be better?
of course cause i should know its hard 2 chosse which one i really like but it is possibal
Whta kinda of person would do that.
alone and miserable--that way u dont have to put up with anyone elses crap.
How do you know he won't cheat on you?
yes it is wrong if he is married he never really liked you
Guys want good looks, brains, and a popular babeFrom my point) but just be yourself
I look back at my old boyfriends and think what was I thinking.
i admit i am an overachiever at times, but i am still fun to hang out with.
when im comfortable around her and be myself  and it is holiday ecveryday :)
It finally  got down to which black guy is bigger.
I hope i've helped a little.
just be yourself... and it will all work out.
And as far as the bedsheet I have no idea !!
because it works....hahahahhaha  sorry that was funny.
Not if I had any self pride.
and there is someone for u 2 but ur time didnt comeup yet so be pationt....
guys love a girl with their own touch and a sense of humor
dont date        say u r all mine  &see she will be on ur penis
Just b/c a nose is big doesn't make a person ugly!
u never know wat'll happen 'til u try!!!
Totally normal for guys, nothing to worry about.
I we have a 19 yr old son.
all my friends say no but i really do want him back.
if i call her she is always willing to hang out and let me sleep in the same bed.
that's the problem with you guys, you start too soon.
So she wants to get married, what about you?
that would be impossible for me..........i really don't know, sorry.
If you carry enourmous debt or have really bad credit, then you shoud share this info.
Woot has it right.. going out is great once in a while.
Not if you want to really enjoy it.
It is as Complicated as u want it to be !!!!!!!
yes lots of dem more den u no
(when you find him, ask him if he has a brother, i'm looking for my love too)
she's usually the one trying to get me into bed.
I know it aint much help but like i said thats a tight spot..
I know it's bad but, I'm trying!
Just because I wasn't pleased didn't mean that guys' new wife isn't!!
again this poor english....whaaaaaat are you saying?????
he/she does not deserve to be pittied, he/she is strong enough to go on with his/her life.
but u need a family without the raping and the prostitution!
so that the world will go on.....( and it feels good too!
But before 21 is really pushing a lot, the teenager girls are just too childish!
Sure why not just send me you email and I get back at ya.
Know your strenths, Know who you are and what you want.
u have to know a dirty cop or dirty gov worker man that how i do it
keep loving this one, love conquers all!
The size will do all the work...... otherwise it's all about the skills.... guys  need to learn that..
Tell jokes, laugh at what they are saying (only if its actually funny).
i don't think i have a chance, help please?
my sister had one, and the guy turned out to be bad, very bad.
Yeah, its ok to date the guy.
anyway he says that men just think of sex.
xbox all the way or of course his playtoys!
My bf feet are size 14 :)  You're 13?
maybe you just are meeting the wrong ones.
(Childish, if you ask me, because I'm very happy).
it depends, where will you pick him up?
SHE WENT TO A SCHOOL IN S.C. AND I WENT TO GA FOR SCHOOL.
give me your e-mail address and i will e-mail you.
1- I find the guy attractive.
love is just a feeling that some times hurt and some times mkes u happy.
Easy man....if she really loves you, as seems you do....just wait & let her get back to you...
stop looking so hard , love finds you when you least exspect it .
that should get your courage up.
Too big are to wierd but too little are weird cuz u can't feel anything
first, you need to figure out which is which.
I wanna know.... by Joe, just listen to the song
What a beautiful thing that would be!
did things end good or with pain and problems?
Just listen to him, trust him, love him.
because if a girl cant accept you for yourself thats on her.
Don't look....I believe your soul mate is pre-destined.
Try and reach him and see whats going on...
be confident, there is nothing sexier!
Holla at me my name is my yahoo id
eventually, the guy will not get an answer from u and wont like u anymore.
And don't feel bad, its not a good reason either.
So why have a boyfriend at...9?
so reap it, and all i can say is youll see.
eye contact (if he likes that) ask him
but after you get married and are together for a while then it goes .
i think you are over analizing things.
If he'd cheat on his wife, he'd cheat on you too... eventually.
i likve in california and he lives in canada.
thanks to anyone who responds to this..
She has gone beyond B**ch into the C word!!
Hopelessly in love or in lust?
then leave, be mysterious that way.
Tell him what you just told us, then don't get too heavy on him.
and a mate needs to bring happiness to ur life---not drama!
Thats why when ever someone ask about my income etc...
now he doesnt return my calls, my emails, nothing .
when you were gay did you enjoy your relationship?
try yahoo 360.  you can join some groups.
Maybe ask her to start over and go one another date.
she is the love of my life.
you smile get it over with !!!!!!
this girl comes to my gym.
that girl that told your ex that, is a psycho.
don't ask to any body just see her eyes deeply u will know it
Just say it, dont bs or anything just spit it out.
umm you can find that anywhere.
KNOWING WHAT U WANT WILL HELP U TO BE IN THE BEST FRAME OF MIND.
THE FASTER YOU START A NEW LOVING RELATIONSHIP THE HAPPIER YOU WILL BE.
just tell her  it wut id do
they like 2 B treated just like a baby
And oh us women love that.
hmmm... who do you think is the beast?
That is the same problem i have.
i think that it shows that they have a sweet side.
haha... gosh, sounds like something most girls do if they have a grudge on someone.
now he wants me back and i do feel that i love him.
all his friends told me he liked me.
your boyfriend may be stupid but not all guys are stupid.
when i got him back i realized he was an idiot with a picture of my boobs.
and that what it sounds like.
So we are good friends now.
There is an old saying that goes,   Fool me once, shame on you.
try to flirt wih her and move along....
Hey I feel you that happen to me like 1 month ago.
don't call her house any more.
WE GRADUATED AND I MOVED TO TEXAS FOR THE SUMMER.
i am a brunnett , and i know i have alot of fun .
hahahaha n im wit her on dat!
I have one in my freezer but unfortunalty it does not have a phone # or web site listed.
What does love have to do with it!
'S and his answer and his ?
Honestly, I kind of do...Well I don't but they inspire me to do it or not to do it.
Just get her to chill out.
YOU and YOUR BF SHOULD NOT ACT on it.
if a guy likes u ,he will try to spend most of the time with u
I always wanted the bad boys.
i'm clean , white , straight , in shape , and it's all for nothing right now .
and if she doesnt, you have to let her go.
I did it twice in my life and I don't regret it.
no, i just look at her eyes and give her a smooth hug, then she got what i mean
isn't that cute he leave his socks all over the floor .
if you already told him no and he keeps on asking, that's probably all that he cares about.
but it is nice to spread it around.
Then maybe ask them how thier day is going.
Go ahead and walk her down the aisle.
If u dont think your all that than they wont.
no not really not all the time will some one marry a virgin
at first i would freaken freak out but i guess i would say do whatever makes you happy...
That if u really fell like that your soulmate.
Slap you silly.. and then ask you if thats what you really wanted to tell mum and dad!
did he said that he likes you??
he loves me very much and my kids.
I KNOW God has a sense of humor ...
You don't need to be someones second ever!
you really should have a boyfriend .
he's a peter puffer for life.
i am agree with cracacola 85
If he avoids answering or brushes you off, then tell him you have a problem with this.
tell me then.............but I don't need a physic thanks!
You are not that far from your amore!
depends on the induvidual, but... yes.
People really do stupid things for love!
i guess that some people are just not open minded.
if ur not a shy one and able to start a conversation.
And I talk to her mom too.
And their always on your mind.
if ya, wait until the next dance and go ahead an ask him.
Honey, if he cheats w/ you, he'll cheat on you.
Wait another year so you guys wouldn;t get in trouble.
Men lie about things that dont really matter?
just make sure to cup the balls.
and maybe blame what you said to him before on being drunk.
since boys have too much testosterone(sex hormone), they prefer more physical contact...
Maybe he would ask for a dinner date or something
Just try to keep it respectable with the babie mom unless she gets unruly.
and that's when you need to put a stop on it.
depends on what kind of lady you want
But make sure it's love not lust.
You have to be there (SOMEWHERE!)
has he been doing anything different sexually?
she might not know if shes actually in love but she will know in the end of the relationship.
If I don't call she will not call me
Does she like hanging around you?
and when this happens kick his butt to the curb b/c once a cheater always a cheater.
Finding a girl to talk to on Yahoo is like pulling teeth man.
when you pass him in the hall say hi!!!!!!!!
How bout just saying ....Goodbye...Good Luck...turn around and walk away.
Fool me twice, shame on me ?
sometimes you don't think of them at all but that doesn't make you forget.
i think its fine if u love them then the race doesnt matter
u know what u can get over him and find somethin NEW!!!
Oh, and GOOD LUCK FINDING ONE!
What you mean like on Gladiators with the giant Q-tips?!!
if u have that then just wait till the time is right.
(and you need to quit boffing your friends' ol' ladies!)
90% he like u..and want 2 tell u ?
Otherwise, I don't see what's wrong with 4 1/2 feet.
how did you feel when you both broke up?
Am I going to be rich??
And don't have sex till you marry a guy!!
all he can say is yes or no!!
Why don't you ask a hippo?
Good Luck & don't give up!
Don't feel bad, I'm 15 yrs.
share with him what he loves, sports, food, intersts, ...
hurting some1 emotionally is the worst thing you can do!
then we had a falling out and it really hurts because i can't have him anymore.
there is only one way to deal with temptation, don't put yourself in situations where there is temptation...........
(Yes I know many kids like this) Anyone else see my point?
And what are you teaching your kids?
Ok i like this girl since the ninth grade.
there is an old saying it is better to be safe than sorry?
If NOT why, If Yes why?
13 years and 2 kids later he still does.
Some guys date like shopping for a car.
Only if you leave the Twinkies alone.
when you get the chance and when youre ready, ask her out.
Yeah that is 3 guys but yeah just be yourself!
thigh highs for more reasons than could possibly be named here
czz boys are boys there like that
if ur having trouble coming up with things to say just be like  how it goin.
but dont feel sorry, i have another one on my way.
walk away - your yourself, for his kids, for your kid.
what do boyz do when they fool around?
yes if sex is all you want no if you want more than sex
don't say anything just keep reading in do time u will find something.
you will be ok. so smile.
if not you then have your answer.
I never thought size mattered until I dated someone without size at all.
then u can see him again and talk to him very easily.
i think big noses are sexy ;)
Not nessesarly the way they look but simpler outlooks in life and furture...
thigh high is sexy regular is blah
Hm.. ask her... seriously, that's the only way to know.
You really will hav fun studying!
love is trust..w/o it...alot of unhappy things will happwen...keep in contact...tell him that u trust him...in his face...
if you did you wouldn't ask this question and you wouldn't care what anyone thinks!
Either:  1) He's insecure  2) You're cold  3) Both of you perceives the other this way.
And yes, guys think they are very sexy.
Then one girl said that one guy had a 9 inch and was bigger than the other.
normal guys rarely apporach and take a chance from a girl unless they are instinctly safe.
in other words shut up and dont talk about it.
If you too like her, then you should be happy that she calls you honey.
Your self-respect/esteem is too great a price!!!
we just weren't meant to be.
i mean for sure for sure in love!
I'm pretty i just can't flirt.
WE WOULD ARGUE OVER STUPID STUFF AND STUFF OF IMPORTANCE.
dats jus nasty n slutty..o n did i mention nasty?
i have no clue what you just asked.
cuz ppl r ass holes and dont understand u !
i know about love because i love a girl but i dont know what is love?
Revenge probaby won't work, but ignoring him will.
My guess is yes he does--how long you 2 been together??
guys have always had the burden of asking women out.
Well hiding something doesnt make it cheating.
you'll never know, people could change u know
It's not that they can't they just choose not too.
If you have to even ask then you must be small!!!!!
Give him a call to chat.
Converseley, I've come across an awful lot of my own kind that don't.
talk to him to much and smile to him  all the time when u meet u good luck
If a guy really likes u he should ask u out.
u don't need advice u need 2 break up!
I'm not looking for a love interest just basically a woman to hang out with and maybe other things!
Depends on what guy he is.
Because people always reach that point where they think they are going to get married and then have sex.
She might just be mad because you got him and she doesn't want to share her kids.
SHES PRETTY AND POPULAR AND IM NOT SO POPULAR
No you certainly can do the walking at her request
ButI dont know how to find a good guy!
I want to marry a blond with blue eyes and have little blond haird blue eyed babies.
My daughter is 16 and her finacee is 18.
Don't put your self in turmoil and remeber the end is only the begining.
You don't have to do anything!
Yeah it means he loves you but not in a pervert way in a cute way.
cuz u dont if  u found it and u cant define it
We will have to watch the show Cheaters for that episode... it's gonna be hot!!
to ur pchycologist - How can u trust someone when they think you're mad
didnt you already ask this because i remember answering
I am divorced once (picked the wrong guy, that's a shock, huh?!)
I have been myself lately and like 3 guys like me!
will they b able to suppor you and kids and help pay bills?
SHE VISITED DURING THAT TIME AND THEN WE WENT TO COLLEGE.
dont cheat or be the other woman it will turn around and kick you in your ass.
even when you are 16 you are not looking at them as if they are the marring type.
that way you can convince them you are the guy for their little girl.
face it, kids cost money - LOTS of money.
Read the Book Smart Love by Dr. Phil get it at a Library for free =)
* He comes out and says it.
I don't know what to do?
just be yourself dont try and be someone your not and hopefully everything goes good 4 u
if you expect to do good in college.
Nope, I practice abstintence(or however u spell it)
I hope my information did some good for you!
dishonesty which leads to infidelity and so on and so forth.
if u have a question or need advice ask me and ill tell u ur future!
I belive I get more from relationships with people who are like me.
im a guy  i wouldn't kno
it'll get better as time goes by.
be nice and polite and ask him out.
Go and have yourself some fun.
Tell her you don't want to marry this guy and to stop calling him up.
my girlfriend met her husband at a biker party
I want a girl who loves me the same way I love her.
well i guess all you have to do is be yourself!
and if your like me the pro will be that you dont care what other people think.
I wouldn't date either the ugly guy, or the hott guy...
I have to answer this one!
Oh And Also Its Good To Not Have A Criminal Record Lol.
Because thats what kids do to you.
IN THE 12TH GRADE, SHE PROPOSED TO ME AND I ACCEPTED.
SINCERITY WILL WIN U THE HAND OF ANY WOMAN AS LONG AS U HAVE PATIENCE AND ALWAYS B URSELF.
isn't it the other way around?..
The guy always seems he wants to ask me something but he never does.
I do its something most guys cant do with out .
especially those sold at hot topics.
Well, you know women say that all the good men are either taken or gay....
well either way is a sign that he might be interested.
Tell her thats shes pretty without being a perv about it.
so u don't get that scared.
And by the way...thanks for liking the thick chix.
and make it meals you knwo that he likes.
jus' ask her where she is an' there go unless u r some creepy stalker guy!
yes,if some men are pigs then there are some bit**** out there too.
If you got it flaunt it, but have the personality and attitude to back it up girl!
If not, then remember- There is always other fish in the sea,,,don't give up-one will bite...
Try just making small talk first and smile a lot!
it's how you use your penis......the size is just a bonus..  :)
give love taps later on when you are comfortable okay.
I fhe is good looking, what's the difference if he has hearing aids?
i am 14.. it happened to me, i could happen to you
You need to leave her alone, trust me, your 14!
not know how and when i am going to die
you really just know when you know.
You do what you wanna do.
yes u will don't worry ur too young right now anyways
You cant do that with children for gods sake!
Since you already know he is a cheater (you told u) why catch him?
but w/ my advice if shes sane you wont need it.
your thinking of confused not ,mysterios, its from trying to figure out woman
Good luck... it's a tough row to hoe.
And, if so, why'd you marry him?
Id say wait, but if you love him then go for it.
bitch u sick as hell, that is not da way of the Lord.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
losing you virginity is to me seems like a big let down.
I THINK IF YOU TELL THEM YOU KNOW COULD SCREW UP THE FRIENDSHIP IF YOU DON'T IT COULD ALSO.
ask yourself am i still the woman my husband married.
Maybe they were brought up not to talk with their mouths full
you use that opening on your head that makes words come out.
Doesn't knock my friends, parents, siblings.
I wouldnt worry about it much myself.
Once a cheater ALWAYS A CHEATER!!
as all siblings do i am sure teasing would have to go on.
Why does he want you back?
Start with Smart Love By Dr phil
you are pathetic show some pride
trying to breakup a marriage is not a good thing.
ask to your father and mother, they will show you an example
i never did that ever and never will, thats wrong, some guys will and some guys wont.
its a matter of making the move to get things fix.
i hear similar things from him.
I guess you wear hearing aids, I bet you are beautiful and think that that matters.
Im probly way 2 young 4 u, but i hope u find someone.
anyone have any idea what sites i can go to to get something extra special.
Because I am not Mr. GQ.
if you dont see his reflection you better run.
If he truly liked you, height would not matter!
We are friends but i really want to go out with her!
If she doesn't, then you need to MOVE ON...
first off go to college so you can make your own money!
Maybe u just have a problem.
If I were you I would not worry about the place as much as the person I was with.
bz if u rly luved him den u sud b happy to b wid him no matter wat happenes.
my family... they're the love of my life... so, my love story revolves around them...
it also depends if he is really cute.
I have one right now and it's taking me forever to get rid of it.
HERE'S A THOUGHT LET'S BOTH TELL THEM AND SEE WHAT HAPPENS.
- nothing against the guy, though!
not pretend to be someone else whom you're not!
he wants to see, or likes.
First, why aren't you having sex?
IF YOU HAVE TO TAKE A CLOSE FRIEND WITH YOU FOR BACK BONE.
.i suppose, r these 2ppl u have never had relations with?
NO IT'S Stupid to do that.
If he gets defensive then maybe you need to worry.
GRAB THE HIGH HEELS, PUT THE FACE ON AND TAKE THAT SEXXY DRESS FORM THE CLOSET AND GO ..
(atleast for this full lipped gal)
Umm i want to know i f ill have a bf this year and withh who?
let em know what happenes k Tiger
OMG...are you seriously asking this question?
Dont ciber-date, dont be a geek !
dont pressure her, let her come to you.
YES I GO IN THE CHRISTIAN CHAT ROOMS BUT YOU STILL HAVE TO WATCH IT IN THOSE CHAT ROOMS
alot its been unbarable w/o him.
it varries from place to place
and you should go out and have fun .
but remember if she comes the winner is not u. both of you.
if you like a guy...  date him.
Maybe you haven't had any in awhile.Maybe you have wet dreams or maybe you're just a freak.
Yes, I really am the best looking guy in the world!
and not need to rely on the guy....  second they say love conquers all ?
it is one of the best things to do!
do u really want to go for a girl who only wants a sexual relationship with u?
get over him and find someone new........
i am so hurt and confused by this.
yes but they not speak very well english
take you fishing far off shore
last time he didnt say any of that.
you are the one that seemed hesitant about being with him then.
it should be both of yours.
do not try to mention ur talents or abilities, sacrifice etc.
her name is jeanne owens thank you
If you're not that type of person don't try it, it won't do you any good.
does he only come out at night or something?
would u like to know that ur wife is in love with someone else?i'm sure u wouldn't appreciate.
paranoia thinking you are the only sain one in the world  (but i really am)
Just remeber guys get intimidated real easy.
it can be (some times ) actualy some very little times!
You guys must be really close for her to ask this of you.
maybe your boyfriend is one of them, but it doesn't really sound like it.
YOU SHOULD DEF GET RID OF THAT A S S HOLE!!!
secret or no secret.u hav to let it out.it's never too soon to be in luv!
Say Yo wut d'U think about alligators as the ultimate survivors of the dinosaur ages dude?
MAybe if you offered to let me date Johnny Depp then I'd be HAPPY!!!!!
Love is not hard to find you just are looking to hard.
I don't know if this guy likes me.
This sounds like my youngest uncle.
Yea im 16 and im catholic
we will lead it they way we want to .
find out why ur mom doesn't like her  and fix it  make her like ur girl
he just  needs to get his head on straight.
start by going to places that you enjoy.
find yourself a good girl not a piece of s**t.
since u say he's so nice, wat is there 4 u 2 worry about??
other than bangkok,never go there in september.
iasked my wife to marrie me only after 3 days .
If she doesn't care whatever you say, then leave her alone.
U have not done anything wrong.
She is already married to Jesse James (Monster Garage)
Never, ever mess with a married man.
depends on what type of guys you like.
it only becomes a sin when you make fun of it.
makes you sound a bit trashy.
usually I'm very advertrous but no not 4 1/2 ft especially when I'm 6 ft
If she can't forgive him, then it's over.
Anyone who won't even say hi isn't worth your time, anyway.
the one beside the little finger.
or maybe putt putt something fun and inexpensive
that is just not what we do.
once you have that question answered, then you probably already knew what to do first.
does he not want to marry me afterall?
if youre friends you probably wont have much trouble asking her out.
why do they act like pigs to you?
feb 15, payday and able to buy stuff for my valentine!
twice..anyone can make a mistake once
if hes with a new gf u dont need him.
BUT IM THINKING OF GIVING HER ANOTHER CHANCE.SHOULD I AFTER ALL THE PAIN FROM HER?
after reading details, i would be suspecious.
But Then again Its Guys Lol.
18, if its a serious relationship
flirt with him..watch his response and u can make out.
He is a jerk to ask you anything like that!!!!!
WELL IF YOU LIKE HER ALOT AND YOU ARE DYING FOR HER YOU SHOULD ASK HER OUT.
All guys are not pigs, just the ones that go oink.
Get a life and make some friends.
why do you still talk to her ?
i like doing that stuff(having sex)
Well....maybe if you count when my mom was still calling me her baby when I was 16.
if all he cares about is sex and not you then he isn't worth being with at all.
make my voice louder so that he wont't use his hearing aids anymore...duh?
up to you how you think about others....
Thanks, I needed that...... really, I did.
I think it's dangerous that this guy even wants to be friends with you.
The bigger the man...  the bigger the baby.
Just tell him how much you love him, but don't smother the guy.
which would u choose and why?
tale the time to actually talk about it.
i would say-yes-if you both agree, what's the prolem?
i'm only 18. i love him and i think i'm ready but i just need a little advice.
no she is sleeping with your neighbor
during the 13 years ive been active only 4=)
Don't ever try to decieve your mate.
definately call him or email him make it sound casual ya know.
YOU SHOULDN'T HAVE TO CHANGE YOURSELF TO MAKE HIM FALL BACK IN LOVE WITH YOU.
It helps alot to have a medeator... Good Luck, thats a tough one.
then just kinda slip some words in a casual converstaion ok
when it hurts to look back & ur to scared to look,ahead,look beside u & i'll be there.
pick her up she'll think its cute and prolly kiss you!!
you have the right to walk away.
You really dont have anything to lose
will try to be your self try it you will like it.
Ok my ex girlfriend broke up with me and she said she wants to get back with me.
13-24, then at about 25, u should get  married to someone.
It showed me that he really cared about ME.
u dont get over it.... u move on.
i got a question: when was the last time that he said i love you?
he just dont know how to use it.
O man that su(ks so majorily.
every lead that i have persued has become a dead end .
let's be honest he probably won't.
not in florida but still need friends
many men who do this know that they dont they just dont tell the female.
watch the woman the who have all the guys attention and watch how she moves
sometimes they don't know what to say.
well i love to be touched everywhere.
NOW FAST FORWARDING TO THIS CHRISTMAS BREAK.
Usually big feet mean big dick.
It may be different for you tho...
Do you see what I mean ?
Sure, it's ok, if she's interested.
suggest me some ways to ask her out?
does a kiss on the cheek count  as a first kiss?
i going to a dance over the week end and i want to ask him to go with me.
U deserve better...find you a guy that really likes YOU!!
I don't really think about it at all.
And i believe what it says.
beat the liven shit out of them
well, dat depends...if yall hav a really gud relationship worth jepordizin or not!
The next night I babysit the Doe's.
if so it could get kinda strange
The age-old question:  do something fun, or something for the long-term?
is it anything i can do to know better a girl?
So you're afraid to ask him out.
hahaha i think it supposed to be Psychic?
You said my guy is not interested in making alot of money.
also which one loves you back?
go to college and get a great career then .
email me at clairebaire5590@yahoo.com plus im a cheerleader
A teddy bear that say I love U
unless i'm attracted to him why should i care?
he probably doesn't call you much because you two are together.
So good luck with that, and hopefully she'll understand :o)
i would guess either too slutty or too much work
ur not so limited when picking a friend or a lover.
Unless you have kids but you didn't give tht info
At 17 you're still vulnerable, & still got a lot to learn.
ignore it or break up with this person
If the guy is clingy and insecure then almost no matter what you do you're hosed.
You are way too young to be worrying about this guy or any other.
i,ve always heard that but i dont beleive thats the case all the time
look clean too, you can be scruffy, but be clean scruffy
#2 I still sorta love him.
how could you jepordize your relationship with your best friend?
I can't get her hurt look off my mind, I keep seeing it over and over in my mind.
i think 6 years already too long, what's so special him?
you cant go on like this.
Like I said, just tell her you say stupid things when you're nervous or something.
Ya so he always talks about this girl that he likes but will never talk to her!
i went to prom bymyself....trust me some things are better with another person.
you don't have to break it off.
It is totally diferent with this girl.
Picking her up seems like the best choice.
it probably seems that way because that's what people see on the internet and on tv and in movies.
How do you ask a girl tHAT YOU'VE KNOWN FOR MANY YEARS OUT?
you defineatly need to wait till you know the time is right
do u like your friend better or your ex better?
I DOnT LIKE BEiNG CALLEd THAT EVERYDAY ESCPICALLY AROUND OTHERS.
u may know that she's loving you by gestures.
But first I have to ask how much you know about this lady?
i mean if hes your bf then where ever he chooses should be good enough.
haha you sure have a wild imagination, huh?
all normal guys want is a quickie.
Remember, guys use love to get sex, girls use sex to get love.
Good luck, I just dealt with this problem myself.
i like love this person but i didn't tell my parents yet so i don't know what to do.
i dunno, thats a good question
In life things doesn't always go our way.
Send me a signal dude, this is YOUR happ;iness.
really i dont like BIG lips but that have to juicey and look kissable...
i am just curious cuz i think i have found mine.
but choose wisely & youll find a nice 1.
it is just that she has breast.
i really think it depends on the person!
Girls can look even more stupid most of the time.
ive waited all my life, and i am truely happy.
Im not usually like this with other girls though.
let him find out about the stripper part on his own.
JUST BE YOURSELF BUT MAKE HIM SEE WHAT HE IS MISSING.
I AM THE YOUNGEST CHILD IN OUR FAMILY.
i have been in love with another man for the last 9 years.
i couldnt handle seeing him w/ another.
I'm like 5'2, and the guy I like is like 6'3, maybe taller.
Do u really want to kiss someone who doesn't want to kiss u.
Could be you just want out.
There many who believe in the stuff.
and how do you overcome that all your friends have their couple and you dont!!
So be young and have fun!
don't hang with them too much.
haha..tell em...just be like look u need to fallback a little bit ur stressin me it works
are  you a perfectionist?if your answer is yes,i guess its sth related with it
What could he possibly be searching for with another that you two do not share anymore?
I like this girl but im 2 shy to ask her out.
as far as her being a stripper..its hard to say.
great sex is a good idea
You can either play it off like you don't care - It's just talking, what's the big deal?
dnt u think that she would like u betta if u picked her up
Yes because after your married you should be confident you won't get herpes.
its wrong for u to make him leave his wife.
Then the A****** got her pregnant.
yes a lot do but in my family not ever
What's so wrong with men working and women staying home with the kids?
And no, you're not rushing anything.
show him your not afraid of making the first move.
search for new friends but always never think about marrage
find it when you least expect it
What is a good size on a guy?
find a guy thatll like you for who you are-- never get desperate.
hard core is a lot more graphic, showes penitration, and has all the moaning w/ back ground music.
hang out with friends, chat online, or call someone when you feel lonely.
I WOULD LOVE TO TELL HER BUT THE FRIENDSHIP WE SHARE IS VERY IMPORTANT TO ME.
i met mine while driving through town.
Because you probably have to pee!
so if anyone knows anything please let me know.
Well , you're gonna do what you want in the end anyway.
and i have a 4.5 or something gpa.
all the mail that is from nobody, advertisement that bother.
It's why we're all here now!
WE'LL TELL; YOU ONE THING ONE MINUTE AND SOMETHING ELSE THE NEXT..
be yourself buy her flowers something rele nice...
if it's 1 kid $5 2 or more $6 each
Some like assertive, some like shy (don't be too shy though, cuz women will think you're a wimp).
I had a boyfriend for 8 yrs and we split after we had a baby.
I just played a song to him, then I told him thats how I felt about him.
It depends on what type of person you are!
he just be reaching out to compensate for something
try 2 stop thinking of him and try 2 find another guy thats even better.
its not about how big it is its how you work it.
see i am a new student there, so she hadly know me
how can i do it at the gym?
Or do just wanna have 2 ladies in bed with you getting feaky every night?
I think I know this guy...is it a brown bag with a picture of Brad Pitt on it?
Cuz we were soooo born that way.
The (ugly dudes) get the pretty women because of what they have devolped.
that way her way her parents gets to see how you look first.
no, sample the goods before you marry them
if you do not do it someone else will.
You could also be just so awesome a friend that they really DON'T want to ruin it.
Love that comes with money ;-)
Because ugly Guys are so nice and girls like nice i guess!
I wouldn't give my number...I would get his.
She looked at me and I saw the hurt look on her face.
stripper is not the worst she could be.
yeah ya know people met other people,and you grow apart
my husband found me on q 106 rock n roll date line which is a radio station.
How about getting him a really cool pair of shades?
okay, maybe i am just shooting off, but really.
then it is meant to be .
i am 25 years old and here is my opinion...i don't think it would matter at all!!
Ever heard the saying : First time, shame on them.
i need pic first and info who are you?
cuz if so, uh...why would she?
uh thigh highs...no one wears pantyhose anymore...it's so damn 80's
love is hard because your nervous and shy
PICK YOUR BATTLES WITH US, BUT ALWAYS MAKE US PAY FOR OUR SCREW UP'S
or sometimes we just want to be perfect or we're just stupid sometimes.
If not then you shouldn't have any problems!
Some people don't mean to do that, it's just how they naturally talk.
I'm right there with your, bro.
wait until you both calm down and talk to them nicely and work it out
luckly you do not have to pick a partner (husband or wife) at that young age.
calling them the ladies won't help... *shrugs*
you dont have too be his girlfriend.
send it through a good friend of her.
but if you go to some pro, use it compulsorily.
there is no way to tackle one iam one i should know!!
if i was your brother and i just told you i want to be a girl.
For now just have fun and focus on the important things, school, family, and good honest friends :)
wow i can't beleive you just asked that!
my friend mack the wise says it depends if she is a prostitute
you should probaly pick her up.
THE PAST IS THE PAST,IF ITS SOMETHING GOD AWFUL KEEP YOUR MOUTH SHUT.
if he dosent like u becaus your short hes not the boy for u!
swing as in bring another partner into th bed?
That would be in my experiance, anyways.
u probably wont if it was a short relationship
If u really wanna know hang around some of his friends and ask kinda without asking.
IM 33 YEARS OLD AND THE BIGGEST CHANGES IN MY LFE HAPPENED BETWEEN THE AGE OF 19 AND 25.
u becareful dont ever let a guy do that 2 u.  u 2 good for that
cause he needs to understand that ur going out wit someone
definetly, just try with open hearted & be honest about your love.
that's what my friends say^_*)(you know how guys are!
i've been wit my bf for 4 months and we are really serious.
should i tell him i like him?
you have the right to go out ith who ever you want.
i really dont see the big deal about interracial dating!
junk mail is just as it says, junk mail.
if its b/c your lonly than you need to find more friends and not a boyfriend
ur a little young, so don't worry about that kind of stuff.
Seriously, I doubt she is the bride of Satan, he would probably kick your ass.
If she's not interested, move on!
At least thats what id do.
The type of person you're trying to attract (a decent girl) is most likely to be hanging out where?
If he had true feelings for u, don't u think he'd do anything for u?
u say he's perfect 4 u. well, if thats true, u have 2 c wat happens.
Hope that was of some help  Jay
If he says yes then hoo rah.
They both knew it would hurt you!
it is all about your start till you met him and be as one.
concetrate on what you have going for you right now and what interests you.
did you try to talk to him?
There is a chance he will go back out with you because most guys don't forget girls they love.
but if means with a boy well then yah its a tough time but ...oh well....MOVE ON!
Nickname: vanessitacool Reason: My name is Vanessa, im not tall, and im cool!
But if no well.. Hey you tried and all that counts.
why would you wanna hurt the mother or father of your children?
Ever heard the saying Fool me once, shame on you.
i think it changes over time but not end... you probably can drift apart
join reunion.com they will search ur friend
i know that it hurt and it way take time to get over him.
being happy but the 2000 style word i think means liking a man when u r a men
and ask her if she really does love you.
whayever u do dont say its not you its me thats horible.
Nice guys don't refer to their girlfriends as ho.
because of the testosterone, it retards them
and then, you have to consider the other person.
All girls are faithful til they get caught.
Rejocie that your not whaded down and go to a party and Flirt Flirt FLIRT.
your 13 what are you doing with a boyfriend?
and where do u live my e-mail is iwalktheline247
si yo hablo espanol...por que lo preguntas??
beleive me she was very very sexy.
2 tell u the truth i don't kno
you could just be friends with benefits.
just tell him how you feel.
these things make it easier to approch her if u know who she is.
trust me, when you find the right guy, itll be well worth the wait.
go sleep with his best friend
before the clothes even come off, what kind of things get you guys excited?
When your always thinking about that person.
Sorry I wasnt up to par.
my problem is that i don't have a license and cannot drive over to see him.
you might be shy, or just nervous.
that would be a reAL TURN OFF.I WANT HER IN HER REAL BODY.
ANY WHERE AND EVERYWHERE WALFREENS CVS PHARMACY PUBLIX WINN DIXIE YOUR LOCAL GAS STATION CORNER STORE GROCERY STORE
Do you realize there are husbands out there who really don't want their wives in bed with them?
like every thing seen act the way he doesnt like then he will get very mad and dump u
i hope you;re not having sex  don't worry.
i do belive its easy in mexico good luck.
He's telling you he's happily married, but wants to be w/ you?????
make it easy for the both of you.
but 3 years is too much
That depends if ur a guy or a girl
i should now senes im a dancer, but for some reason.....I DONT!!
do not listen to what your friends say.
Good luck and buy him a shot for me, will ya?
but it si their problem not yours my friend.
I asked- where can I get married outside the USA easily & fast
but when we arent broke up yet we always talked in phone or text up to 9pm only!!
better leave the things as they are.
Don't ask yes or no questions.
people will only do stuff to you or around you if you allow it.
if your best friend hates you, then why are you best friends?
If you can't afford a nice dinner than you can't afford to have a girlfriend....what are you thinking of?
But do give it at least a year, especially if there are kids involved.
that would be ur chance 2 introduce urself!!!
Does this guy even know you???
Do guys think they are sexy?
Not 100% sure ..but ... it has be be Anna Nicole Smith and that old rich dude.
you wrote; IN LOVE like my first response....HELL NO!
The guy is a real a**hole too hang out around!
you know yourself better than anyone, youknow what is good and bad about you, so believein yourself
what if ul lose the girl that u love?
be urself..if she doesnt like u 4 who u r..then she suffered and is not a good person
a guy that worries about his size might have a problem.
please don't give room for the devil.
sure but your paying for the first date
and why this question arise in your head now?
yes my only best friend in the world is a girl and i am a boy
first of all...not all guys are just after  sex.
Funny thing is, they're probably like that themselves, too.
the answer is because you took her place so she thinks.
no not all guys only the ones that have self-esteem issues.
Are there any women out there that likes big brothers?
so then u won't b so scared .
i've always wondered about this myself.
carefully,  but it happens, start with the buddy/ frined thing before you go to sex.
but right now, focus on being you and and what makes you happy.
why not tell you lover you feeling?
Pick the one you like more...
or u culd prolong both of their pain n torture dem both n many, many ways!
but he is waiting for the best time .May be when u r alone.
well, you don't really have to take note of where they're from or what they believe in.
no teeth, more mouth than hand and with the other hand you tighten the balls ;-)
a boy and a girl who doesnt have any relations shouldnt be alone together.its a sin...
nope it is supposed to be like that.i see boys having girlfriends 6 years younger to me.
i will :] lol haha jm wow wow.. sad question..
do somthing that u can't c him.
now he acts like hes piss off at me for giving him attiude am i right or wrong?
then u will b so happy.
and no don't sleep with them they might have someting.
Give it time, give him space and time to think and sort things out..
...you know, the one with plants inside- honest question but i am not stupid.
it doesn't seem to matter anymore.
do you really know what love is .
it really jus depends on who u think iz better bein jus a friend or sumtin more!
Kick him in the 'nads, then dump him.
Plus he can hide all kinds of stuff in there
cheek kiss is ok, hug is better.... 1st kiss on 1st date?that is lust....relationship won't last long.....
most girls think that it is the guys job to make the first move.
You just got to know when you find the one.... You just have to trust your heart.....
OR, HAVE ONE OF UR FRIENDS DO IT.
hire sex buddies to come to your house and get strippers if u like that
start cheating on them and tell them you dont like your own medicine huh?
I saw a girl I guess with lukemia or something,she was gorgeous!
my best friends dad died and the mom was closer to suicide after four months rather than dating guys
if you love each other completely yes.
i dont think that you can compare the love.
well im 20 and never gone for a date.
if you're not and don't go to NFA and live in CT don't even answer.
If you like god, a church.
Why don't YOU think she likes you the way you do?
Maybe he just needs a little help!
women use it to get what they want when they want it.
and I say that t boys all the time that i like.
as long as he or she is legal enjoy!
we headed back to the party and I felt really good about her.
i doubt it will work but, its worth a shot
here but cant do it in the army!
depends on both the girl & the guy.
girl go out w/ a man who is totaly bald.
you need to get over her.
i know if i'm not gettin laid - somethin's wrong and it's not gonna last long like that!
first of all, u have to be hot.
that means that she loves u
I couldn't tell you dude... women are strange creatures.
Why dont you ask him if he dont answers maybe he's gay
December 8th, I called him to tell him happy 30th b'day.
it shouldn't piss them off i am a girl and it doesn't piss me off.
And also, what about hairy chests?
I dont want to break up and make a mistake.
passion and the love for extasy
i would just try to tell her that her being negative makes you unhappy.
Stupid movie .. you know what's going to happen but you cry anyway!
I DONT LOOK AND WHEN I DO, I FIND THE WRONG PERSON COMPLETELY.
WILL YOU GO OUT WITH ME?
no it is just his LINE to try and get you on your back
i really was hurt by that... she doesnt deserve u!
You guys are already friends and it sounds like he was interested in you too.
Please tell how old u r and when and where it happened.
eat carb foods and starches- pasta, rice, potatoes,pancakes etc.. and friend foods-chocolate always helps to and don't excersize
now, let's get down to business.
Any advice you want to listen to?
bring  her  flowers,  kiss  her, dont  touch  her butt unless she  likes it
If he say's he is gonna work late.
Give it a little while I am pretty sure u 2 will be back together.
if u want 2 make love, maybe a gigolo....
I wouldnt be mad, I'd just pick better friends.
if uve made out with him yet then yes, if not, then no
You either love him or you don't.
go find a guy in person!
guess those aren't great places to look for a man.
not until at least 3rd date.
Find him and bang him like no other.
at least it seems so judging by all the people asking about that.
dont waste your time on him!!!
My mail address... guys_millenium@yahoo.com.... CHAT id... guys_millenium           ......
what u consider fun might not be what another person thinks is fun
if you feel right for each other... if you feel happy no matter what..
He takes the safe fun, u the sure shit.
Sounds like you got alot of hang ups though.
i want to kiss him but there is some people that talk shit.
Ok, first of all not all women are like your ex.
I can't have a girl who doesn't shave her legs, FYI.
no, but maybe this will help.Good Luck
he was not going to live with me to help me.
My friend is a little bit of a control freak.
your avitar looks cute and kinda like mine.
wait this one out, he seems to be either shy or ashamed...
I enjoy being me no matter how lonely or depressed I get.
reading your story hurt me too i m sorry for u
you should be looking for the girl that likes you...
it takes a bigger woman to walk away than to stay and fight.
yes it does, but shouldnt be done like your having sex with just someone but that special someone; slowly!
Start a funny or unusual topic...
if you casually chat and have no emotional connections and dont participate in online sex, then no.
then again i may not be looking very hard, though.
I don't really think it's the ring that matters!
size matters but for what effect?
if he still adores if you tell him you not interested ,maybe there might be something there?
I met him though a friend and I totally trusted her that he was a great guy.
i have no idea if you find out tell me
Get out and get an alimony NOW!
Do not talk to her on the phone, online, in person, etc.
Better is not the word I would use, they are just different.
Im a skinny woman and fat men turn me on.
whatever you did to him it probably isn't worth holding a grudge for 5 years.
My boyfriend of 2 and 1/2 years has a best friend whose wife HATES ME!
THIS COULD BE A SIGN TO LEAVE WHO EVER YOU ARE WITH.
Good luck, there is a man out there for you!!!
babe hes just using her for sex... and probly will try to do the same with you...
a nice guy will just not play as hard as a bad one, same is true for girls.
Why would you want to become a fool?
Kill her and him then yourself.
No not at all ugly people need love to ya know
And we thought we were freaky, SCARRRRY!!
Then ask her to marry you.
THEY WANT A EASY GIRL THAT WILL LET THEM INTO BED.....AND THAT'S NOT YOU.
Girls around here are too prude for their (or my) own good.
That guy is so crazy and probly has issues, its not you hon.
that even answers all the weard questions
dude it takes time to know when u r ready to get married!
his so called 'friend' that takes him to and from work smokes too.
But what the hell, theres nothing really wrong with that.
I M READY TO GO WITH HIM.
Zodiac doesn't matter that much for stuff like this.
If yes, why do u think u do it?
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo!
He does keep it trimmed for me You know where??
never - it only causes more problems and most people can't ever forget it
one word: gay  he most likly gay.
tell her that u need some time alone and u don`t want to be with any1 right now
If you want to marry the man, do!
tell her u meant it in a kinda wait-a-go way.
throw a scrap of meat in a bar.
ask her if she didn't get coal for christmas.
Hmmm...intersting...someone who is annoyed by a guy saying hi.
Eat some candy - get that blood sugar going!
Ditch her; leave her in the dirt!
HEY!WHO DA HELL IS UR WIFE BOYFREN IS!THEY SHUD STAY IN UR HOUSE
no it is not i hope u didnt do dat cuz u could mess up your relationship
Now..I need to tell you that the reality it this: NOTHING is gonna happen between you and me..ever.
some women do some don't that is a personal choice
Why does a dog lick its butt?
YOU'LL HAVE THINGS TO REMEMBER WHEN U GET OLD
Then gradually go back to punk.
i hardly everrr see him in school either usually i see hima t my brothers basketball games .
Am I alone in this ?
if ur happy with the person and willing to sacrifice anything for him/her....then ur inlove
when u feel sexy boys are looking for that
Well, has he ever said he didn't love you when he cheated??
But if you really want him to like you, you should hang out with him.
ALL THEY REALLY WANT IS A PIECE OF YOUR ASS.
1 suggestion,,,, get a pre nup
u just haven't found it yet.
when u get ur emotions in the right place everything wil come together!
I got my girlfriend coz she was the first one to make the move!
flurt but not to much talk to the one you like and call him or her
i should be askin myself that!
Now, this guy told her he couldn't go around wid her.
and you will be wondering how did this happen .
i do not understand what u r asking
cant help u there and u should lower your goals alittle.
If you think she's lying to ya, then she probably is lying.
i tell my mom or dad when ever i have a boyfriend to let them be aware!
My dad is moving out on Jan. 15, but it's not soon enough!!
Would he have a problem if you sucked your baby down a sink if you were pregnant?
just watch his behavior and u will decide after
If thats happening then u better watch out.
get his number and then wait to see if he will call back.
I HAVE BOTH YOUNGER & OLDER FRIENDS
I really didn't want to marry him.
you will have the man that has your personalty
If she really hates you that much for no reason, then she's psycho and you should just avoid her.
If the guy is JUST a friend then I don't see a problem with it.
Thats the way it is boys....thank ur hormones.
Do I just attract crazy people?
there is nothing like judging that one thing.
i hope u are not hater of thick girls.
Seriously..I always seem to find the hidden psycho in the guys I date.
IF HE CARES FOR YOU, AND RESPECTS YOU HE WILL UNDERSTAND.
Do I just attract crazy people?
there is nothing like judging that one thing.
i hope u are not hater of thick girls.
Seriously..I always seem to find the hidden psycho in the guys I date.
IF HE CARES FOR YOU, AND RESPECTS YOU HE WILL UNDERSTAND.
When you dont reason any more.
I felt like I was dying....and in some ways I was I guess.
I was reading and thinking, wow that sucks!
Everyone she has slept with you will then be with too...think on that one!
u'll know  ( but u have to make the first move )
whoever feels more comfortable making the first move
but if you are ready then ya will know.
I hope it works out for you,  I know its rough with little ones involved.
My question is isn't that like having your cake and eating it to.
Well you can just use yahoo answers.
especially if she says she love him and has sex with him and gets freaky with him.
sounds like that she has full custody and you have visitation rights.
I WOULD LOVE TO SEE MY MOM HAVE HER SPECIAL DAY.
it's all about the chemistry in the couple
no b-cause i started dating at the age 12 and i didn`t do any thing stupid
90% hes somone u never thought he wod be!
my love for her will not pass how can i get her back
not really, i've been down that road a couple of times.
When you find that special person.
it shd be u directing urself.
Guys are smarter, they get treated like crap and out she goes and good riddance to her!
They had a child 3 yrs ago.
sayyyy, an 18 year old with raging hormones.
I love a fuzzy faced man!
For men and women, but not any men or women.
love takes no account of a wrong suffered ever!
ok i was in a similiar situation!
Remeber keep it cool be yourself
Maybe she wants and looks for something more in a person.
IF YOU LIKE HER ENOUGH AND CAN SEE A FUTURE WIT HER
ive always ended up with shorties but always longed for a tall beauty
go ask your GYN  go buy a book it does work
You can't test a guy like that.
Cause I am with a girl named Yasmine
when you  find the right guy
carefully,  so you dont get hurt.
Marry the guy, he probably really loves you.
this guy was talking 2 his friend guy: i was so pised 2 day friend: why wut happened?
* one more thing, he has to make me feel like his girl, like he's proud to have me.
I am a shy guy and no I am not lying.
You cn always get a bigger ring later!
I nice male would never do that!
honey i dont know but when you find out tell me please
because u dont want to rush right into things!
no , chances are he is just interested in one thing.
If a guy likes you, don't worry, he will call.
You can't help who you fall in love with and love has no color!
i love my dog, and i am not attracted to her.
you never ment to be rude.
I was 13 and it was with a boy I am still in love with today
this is a casual place for people who just want to relax and have fun.
Give him time and probably space to sort things with his ex.
enjoy your life what a waste.
because you're empty and lonely.. is it clear!
Maybe you'll get both, like my husband!
Does that mean everyone does - NO.
u don't need to depend on a guy.
i always in love not only to opposite sex but also to people sorround me....
You just tell them you don't need that in your life!
it varies on the people but generally men do, sorry guys
people always want wat they cant have duh
My husband was gone alot and I got used to doing my own thing.
sometimes u will stay hard for to long.
Few men like to go with a girl MUCH taller than them.... well, except Tom Cruise, maybe.
Girls fake so much, you can never tell.
he says he smokes because his job is stressful but he always tells me that he always has fun.
hey why do gay guys use ribbed condoms.
Go up to her and tell her that.
keep them in your heat, and move on!
So if you find your shoe.........care for that soul.
WHAT IS MAKING YOU LOVE THIS OTHER PERSON IS SHE/HE IS FALLING SOMETHING THAT THE OTHER IS NOT.
(9 out of 10 times if someone has cheated, they will cheat again).
think about what you are about to do.
Word like( Hoooo, yes baby, Come in on me....) are usally heard.
Oh well, it is not what you asked about.
And i don't know what to do.
The m and m's make people's lives easier, but they r not what is the most important...!!
if you start listening to love songs.. and soon you sing along to them.
And a real friend wouldn't do that.
if you cant get her out in your head,, thats it....
If this person is a man...simple...Don't do it!
for guys they don't  but for women they go togather unless they are really sick emotionally.
(i had no more room x.X lol)
Just say hi and take it slow.
When it happens, you will know.... :)
and she is blaming the men for them even though she was the one that cheated .
-SOme kissing techniqus would be nice..list some if u got any -How do u inpress a girl (P.S.
He is probably more scared of talking about it than you!
1st time he asks, say: Love is /so/ overrrated!
aleast she is putting effort to look good!
aww i'd thing that was the sweetest thing ever
this isnt the best way 2 get a grlfriend u no.
dunno.. mayb coz they din go visit their doctor lately..
wants every guy to like her, she got felt up by every guy in 6th grade!
and if so what are those places
well how about a friend, and i can tell you that i'm not old i'm barely 16 i'm anthony
sorry, i'm an american, but I'd still be your friend
I SAY IT'S THEIR DAY AND THEY CAN DO WHAT THEY WANT.
The girl may walk to the guy and start ask them about gym tips :)
so remember its a game guys and girls play.
Or maybe you're not doing enough flirting back if you do like them?
HE said after he had sex with her he told her he was sure that they were over.
If he tries to get help and faulters.
:)  I love questions like this.
and i had a lot more to say about it, but im sick, so im gonna go die now.
And i think she likes me because she always sit's by me in science.
So dont get upset when women dont faun over you because you're a sensitive guy with no money.
u will know when u find the love of ur life responsible and mature enough
Why do u need someone sexy to talk to?
are you scared and feel responsible cause hes there to take care of u?
omgzors be like teh 1337 pwnzors and say Go OuT WiTh Me like a prep
i'm in the same situation, it totally sucks.
since on peach was bad the rest arent allways bad!
ladies will say either yes or no..
but if you don't and they find out then you are so busted!
first start by throwing everything of their's away, then ask your friends to not talk about her.
no way it would just be like starting over at the begining again
Don't believe me now, but you will soon find out.
if you think he is mature enough to hear the reason.
I would not want a friend who fights a lot, why does she fight?
you have to wait dont be stu.... if he wants your relationship he call you first
Or tell him that you like someone else.
Don't have kids just because someone else wants you too.
Just because they're a kid doesn't mean that they don't always know when something isn't right.
Right now she seems kinda lost.
so, why do you wanna get married?
I love a guy with a great attitude!
Just for your safety ALWAY MEET in public.
she will start abusing your boys physically .
consider him as what he is a looser and go next!!
Do yoga...free your mind...get a puppy....just be FABULOUS!!!
u can find anywhere 2 have a good girl..but u just have 2 be careful of some of them...:)
and what if it was your first time and his thrid?
her mom found out and she laughed but i was never allowed to sleep over again
Because After a certain point, all they think about is Sex, sex, sex, sex!
my man is the most masculant guy i know and he was the most understanding when i told him!
may i know his chikka id for tha past years?
like any sensible person it's my career, my family and my girlfriend.
Tell your b/f to get them.
yes i do, i am in one right now, and we are engaged to be married.
tell him that u got an accident yesterday ... and note his reaction
Then again, maybe you are just 'seeing' things?
YOU like em even while you love them
I'm a blonde and I have a blast!
Ask her if she wants to go see a movie or whatever.
People always want what is not so easy to get.
It's called testosterone,u can't help him.
if she was single for like a week or less then go with ur gut!!!
if she moves closer to you.
I'm in Okinawa, Japan and I was just wondering how I find and win a japanese girls heart.
does anyon ehave any ideas on what i should do?
Why not, you've got nothing to lose!
U may not be meeted any girls that like ur mind..
Let her catch you cheating on her.
If he does not do that, then don't waste your time because he is just playing the field.
But beware, i can be bad sumtimes too(if u no wat i mean) LOL Just messin wit ya.
well, i guess it's just the same as the song that goes..love moves in mysterious ways  ;)
yeah, i agree with the first two.
honey u shold try on my number  00 92 300 6447783
Remember: Once a cheater always a cheater.
and when you're married, you get lots of practice and don't have to worry about diseases!
i really like this guy and im really crazy about him and i don't know if im in love
Is this a bad thing...should I feel offended???
If you can't apply these 3 words at least 1time per day you're NOT LIVING you're EXISTING!!
-HOw do women wanna be Kissed?
same thing happened to me I DO MUCH BETTER AS A SINGLE MOTHER
I thought my hearing aid was broken!
Total stranger, and I said yes.
it cannot last forever long discance.
If not, then you are cheating.
enjoy the game but dont get caught up in it.
If anyone here says shy guy they are lying like the devil.
1.mexican boy 2.american boy 3.spanish boy 4.iranian boy 5.chinese boy
I like my man's hair (armpits, chest, belly & legs).
why wold you wanna forget it?don't forget just move on.
Should I have sex at the age im at of 13
DO NOT LET HIM SEE THE THINGS THAT YOU SHOULD GIVE (THE LOVE, AFFECTION, CARE, ETC)TO SOMEONE ELSES ARMS.
are you sure it isnt just lust, infatuation, physical attraction or just puppy love.
why do they make fun of you?
If you need to talk, honorarius@yahoo.com
but she ran off and wont talk to me--what should i do????
generally speaking it's just gross IMO
So let your man keep his hair...EVERY.
But It's very hard to be!
between those 2 names personally i would pick kyle!!
3rd time: I like you like a friend, but you're not what I'm looking for.
Save your it for the I told you so stage or you could snap a few pics!
That`s just dirty especially if he has kids, it`s degrating.
just be your self and the rest will come
THEY BOTH HAVE BEEN MARRIED BEFORE AND HAD CHILDREN.
Just take it easy on her.
...and why they did not work.
BUT!, if he's like all the other guys on the planet he just likes punching the monkey...
And men please don't even bother to defend yourselves because you know it's true!
I say.. GET OUT WHILE U CAN... find another boy... you deserve much better!
but actually you'll regret it later.
i always wonder about people who feel they have to drink to have a good time.
that has happened to me and I felt like kicking her ***.
both of you are mature enough to discuss this like two people that are just friends.
if she has started cheating on you .
men orgasm faster, so it's a point of mine to satisy my female first
Do they like you if not give up
same thing happened to me 12 yrs ago!!!
i think a BAD girl is that person who is not HONEST to anyone!
i like both of my friends who are close and trust me a lot.
I mean i dont agree with it either i feel u on that.
No need to anymore *BIG SMILES*
goofy is one thing but not a fool.!
but, you can look but, can't touch.
then maybe you will learn how to kiss better.
im glad you fixed your spelling, and yes.
ooohh, be very careful with that one.. i know you're all excited about getting together with your chatmate.
it wasnt you it was all him
it is different for every guy.
and who knows amounst those who where always there.
and u can get medication to treat those spots...
because we don't have anybody to comfort us
By hate I mean SHE HATES ME!!!!!
once a cheater always.....most of the time that is right girl!
This is a nice dance to go to with someone you really care about, believe me, we remember!
plus he's 200 miles away whose to say that once he's with you he won't cheat with her?
your hand will always love you.
He's got to be a lot of fun to be with!
that would make my heart melt though, wit anger
also remind her that it takes 2 to  tango
no cuz looks dont matter it only matters if you let it!!!
if you suspect it he probably is!
A one-night stand is if the guy used u. Bu tis he busy?
I like both of them equally and they do like me a lot.
on the cheek yea but not on the lip.
A: Because they think we care!
and you shouldn't let others dictate your love life.
Don't let anyone fool you on that.
just hook up with someone try it you can always test it out.
also, the more languages u know, the more opportunities u will have to success in the future!
lol However, she cares about you enough to not hurt your ego!
i'm getting tired of it makes it seem like you are trying to say he is ugly on purpose.
in korean that would be called MEH'RYUK
You just know  Like love and hate you just know
just wait for him when he says come on we go out side
BUT, many people didn't get married to the one they REALLY love, because timing ain't right.
it's not easy to make it to 10 years, so cheers for you!
it is not like that at all.
if you do have an older friends(like about 18 yrs old!
That b*tch is out to get you.
lol  Ok....sorry, couldn't resist.....seriously....even tho I'm a guy I'd like to offer an idea.
their fight is not your fight.
i love my brother, and i am not attracted to him.
but it would be better in the long run for both you and the boys.
run as fastest as u can....
So he wants to stick around so u want be with noone elese.
slip a viagra into his beer or something
i know a few that only care about the heart and not money or how the guy looks.
That because we really don't want you.
you never said what kind... most are fun.
if you have feelings for those online, that are more that friendly feelings, then yes your cheating!!
No matter where you go... there you are.-Buckaroo Bonzai
Hamed.. ur name is Arabic just like me.. anyway.. just don't remember her..:p
Maybe its time yu had a HEART TO HEART TALK
either when she asks you too or after you've tied her hands behind her back
why not i bet your bald too and she is not complaining  so why are you?
...Are you hoping a man wanting a girlfriend will respond?
I dont want a boy cuz I got a man :)
if she looks at your lips or eyes or both.
if you say yes then you will try to accept everything about him!!
IF YOU WOULD LIKE MORE ANSWERS E-MAIL ME , i'M A PRO ON CHEATING RELATIONSHIPS.
Ahhhhh.....I've always liked women like that too.
STOP THE GAMES, LOOK CLOSE THERE'S ONE WAITING TO BE APPROACHED.
Do I love him od do I ????????????????
I'm in Columbus right now.........thats not too far.
but don't some on too strong, ok?
listen, you're not kids anymore; you love each other, and sex is part of that.
Go to a bar, and get a girl drunk.
if i don't find one at work or on the way home.
back, chest, and bicepts, and well obviously u know from there!!!
as a guy there is no way you can cheat the nature.when you passed the adolecent age.
And I have always felt pity for the girl because I had just eaten lasagna.
if you like him and it feels right
be your self if a guy doesn't like you for that hes not worht it
he will luv dem if he likes football or all men love watches!
as a guy there is no way you can cheat the nature.when you passed the adolecent age.
And I have always felt pity for the girl because I had just eaten lasagna.
if you like him and it feels right
be your self if a guy doesn't like you for that hes not worht it
he will luv dem if he likes football or all men love watches!
i dont think there is because most of the time there is a tendency to cheat.
If you wait six months and you get back together will it be worth the wait?
im from brazil r u intrested????????
this happened to a friend of mine.
How about ... Did you tell the people you care about the most that you love them?
4 who they are and that is my final answer!!
BUT THE POINT IS, YOU'RE NOT COMFORTABLE AND THAT MATTERS.
i don't know the answer to this question, but the e-mail add i cheak the most would be, punkgirl_867@yahoo.com
k, well that was lame, anyway.
if she/he wants an intimate dinner with family and close friends.
spanish boys cause i really love there stayle and they fun people to hang around
2nd It's going to hurt regardless what you or her uses.
We are friends but we just didn't click.
And that's pretty hard to hide from close friends.
next time you get that feeling tell her and say i am no longer comfortable dating you.
you never forget someone that you love, you move on sometime, but never forget!
U might can go right out your front door
I don't like both of them when it comes too much, too shy or too aggressive.
never ever depend on a guy.
He is not gay, don't ask!
Isin't it the other way around.
he's not a friend if he dates her.
I AM THE ONLY CHILD BETWEEN THE 2 OF THEM.
what i hate most about my companion is being boring!
i mean just because he leaves there is not going to be this great calm life.
Honey, you can marry anyone you want.
IT IS FINE.I HAVE BEEN MARRIED TO A BLACK GENTLEMAN FOR 15 YEARS.
but she shouldnt rush u... if u need to think it over, then u should.
If she comes back for more.
yaa who need to talk to sexy one.. talk .. sexy is not to talk with
if its a boyfriend, then tell him ur breaking up with him.
THAT IS YOUR WISH..  WHAT IS YOUR QUESTION?
i have to say thats an odd request.
this is your friend here , there are a ton of guys ,, leave this onr alone !
fools  are a dime a dozen.
if your heart beat get double to see someone like me!
when ur close enough like hugging.
if u have to ask then u r probably feeling guilty.
Good Luck in the No Baby Making!
how new is your relationship that your having sex and worrying about that already????
DON'T SHAKE YOUR ASS TOO MUCH.
IS THERE ANYTHING WRONG WITH THROWING A NICE CEREMONY AND RECEPTION AFTER BEING TOGETHER 28 YEARS?
break it to him gently... n hope that u 2 will b friends
if you need to, Tom at tlindsey3417 @ verizon.net
so tell him to buzz off
Me and my brother both like too wait for girls we dont ask lol, we wait lol.
and they don't do this anymore and if they do .
if you like the guy and want to kiss him, go for it!
WHERE GOD ALLOWS THINGS TO HAPPEN IN OUR LIVES TO DRAW US CLOSER TO HI..
If he does so, have fun with it and say, Ohhhh?
Be her best friend again as soon as possible before its too late... already might be.
let him kow ur worth it then work it lol
old, i wanna know if i ever have a chance getting a date
if not don't worry about it - single life is a GOOD THING also.
my place  your place  the beach
i lyk this guy @ my skool and i just came about a month ago.
because smart women scare us and  bruise our egos
Do not wait cuz he won't come trust me i know from expirience!
these girls that yell are immature and silly and many man like that.
so cute there isn't any words in the universe to actually describe the way you look so lovely
Her to want to be with me.
do something, get a job and meet more people and you'll get over this.
uhh....i dunno what you are talking about.
then call him once he gives u his number.
well do u see him looking at u at all?
when you start looking you will find.
go to nigeria, there are so many
Keep your little friend in your pants till she pulls it out.
How can I Become a fool ?
Perhaps you could have asked to talk about it later, but that didn't happen.
i wish you joy, happiness & love.
put out your hand, shake hers, and tell her your name.
But it doesnt matter cause you already have gotten too caught up.
No...  why do we have to be guilty?
BT AS MY FATHER IS OPPOSING US HE'S LETTING ME GO.
get a blood test done if its his baby drop both of them obviously they dont respect you.
just go ahead and ask her.
this other guy must be weird if your own flesh and blood thinks so.
Guys dig moms that manage femininity even with kids.
When you dont have to ask this question.
just ask, it wont help if you think about it so much.
stop trying to make it work and let it work.
or what if she maried someone else can you deal with that ?
You, Do you shave your legs, my Juliet?
Just remember though, that good looking guy you're after is almost guarenteed to be ugly on the inside.
if he never kissed a girl before then yall should wait until you are ready.
They have creams for that now....
He would have to be tall, handsome, have a shaved head, and a great personality!.
is it for traction in the mud?
and i don't want them to think im a hoe.
you will find love eventually you just have to look for it.
AND DONT IF YOU DONT WANT TO, THE RIGHT TIME WILL COME.
There's really no way that a guy could actually WIN most arguments with his girlfriend.
Dont believe what you see in the porn flicks!
I don'tknow, why don't you ask him and find out!
has she told you this or have you heard her plan this out my friend.
MY FATHER IS FORCING ME TO MARRY SOMEWHERE ELSE IN 1 MONTH.
good luk i hope u takemy advice or find wat ur looking for.
they have to prove their manhood
Hii..this is Kunal..i m from india..my email id neel_4_you@yahoo.com and the same one is chat id ..bye tc..
Dont hate me for being honest.
to prevent you from gettin hurt jus try not to think bout it
if u want sex i think you should wait for 3 1/2-6 years
Sit her down, and be totally honest.
Get up, take a shower and turn on the tube!
There are nice people, loving people, caring people out there.
BESIDES, WE HAVE A HUGE FAMILY...HOW COULD THEY DECIDE WHO CAN BE THERE AND WHO CANNOT.
you dont have to be in love, you just have to enjoy the guy that you are with.
Staying with a guy you didn't love only makes both of you resentful at the end.
bad sex is like bad pizza even when its bad its still pretty good.
If he doesn't understand u then try conciling,and then if that fails........leave.
I've never loved a guy but that didnt stop me!
If there was he wouldn't be your ex.
You better get far away and act like you don't speak english!!!!
go to marriage counseling.. get a book about it...tell him its you or the drugs
Because we don't want to date a man.
I agree with ^, if you have to..........RUN!!
You're not doing something the way she likes  3.)
women use it to punish guys..by getting them all worked up..then saying NO...  women abuse it  !
the biggest turn on is to me a mature, self assured man with a purpose in life.
Then off that list pick 2 reasons that you can tell her about.
i think it weird and i would throw the flower away.
Sorry kido...it just doesn't sound good.
try to go out with someone else.
Do you really trust your mom?
for a pearl u have to dip deep in side the sea
how can you tell if the guy you are seeing is into you?
You just have to find the right girl.
but do it quietly, if he is cheating you will catch him sooner or later.
dont 4get the girl aint a guy!
DON'T GO LOOKING FOR TROUBLE, BECAUSE YOU WILL FIND IT!
or is it something you just don't understand or never experienced?
The bigger the girl the better!
Never liked younger girls even when I was young.
THEN AGAIN, I SAY SEEK GOD and pray for him.
You just have to take it slow and make sure the girl is ok with it.
or set-up a nanny system to watch the boys until you get home .
if it goes later than that than move on.
ok.. are u and your girl/boyfriend dating for a long time?
Females: You are always ready to get married,  why not, worst case scenario you get half!
Thats the best gift any one can ever get.
where would be a good place to start?
its  not taken oraly it called bank statment.
they complain and get on your back .
you need to find out what's goin on with dude.
but it can be done .
She and i are still friends and I still love her truly madly deeply.
!, don't be selfish, look out for her needs, lead her, lead the family, don't be lazy!!!
but i dont how to say that or apologize.
IF GUYS COMMENT ON YOUR BODY AND YOUR FIGURE THEN BE PROUD OF IT.
remember that she wants to get married.
I hate it when guys are too into hanging out with their guy friends.
BUT ITS PROBABLY MORE EFFECTIVE IF U DO IT URSELF!
tell 'em to shut up and go away or for more peaceful setting just shoot em
number 2 American all the way
Stop and think why does baking or cooking have to be a 'girl thing'?
Okay, so the guy I liked moved away.
do help out each other and go for what u realli want.
I don't know what to do.
why in the world are you with him then???
talk to them, but don't spill your heart out until  you get a good feel  on how they think!!!
like   if  she  keep on  looking  at you  like do u have a  callwith  her ?
But I'm not looking for no type of boy or man..
I was 15, at the beach, with a boy I wanted for my boyfriend.
maybe if you ask him then he can show you few a pointers on how to kiss him.
getting the job done right.... Honey, tonight i will get it done right, so i dont need you :)
I now live with them, and well I'll tell you this Once a cheater, always a cheater.
Lucky who knows that in advance!
we have been dating for about 7 weeks....help!
I still don't trust him even though he says he loves me
first ask her if there is a problem.
maybe  your not sensitive    and take more baths
i have a boyfriend and he is fine
not good for you or your baby!
Yes unless it puts someone in harms way!
Hmmm...You could always do a tried and true method.
things a little girl doesn't normally know but are fed to her by a bitter ex!
they may not be exactly who you hoped for...you don't need to rush things.
but if it was like three weeks after then i don't know what to tell u
Sometime you have to take a chance on love and everything good dont feel great.
Give her time to make her own mind up.
you don't know.so start conversations with her.tell her hey or hi or wuz up.
don't know so why are you asking me?
dont you do that you might embarass her too.
There's an old joke that goes like so:  Q: Why do girls fake orgasms?
Personally, I don't think it matters.
Hope she cheats on him on their wedding night... hehe  Kinda funny just thinking about it!
They have flowers, stuffed animals, balloons and all kinds of gift baskets.
nothing more to it than that.
You can't love somone untill you love yourself first.
but can i live _without_ this person for the rest of my life?
SHE/HE WAS RIGHT AT THE TIME.
If you love him, the ring doesn't matter...
IF YOU CAN'T TAKE THE HEAT... GET OUT OF THE KITCHEN.
but i agree, some girls are mean, mean...sluts!
being like him will not make you have any more fun, trust me on this one.
... depends on the match... probibly not tounge...
But other wise, no it's not
If they cheat WITH you, They'll cheat ON you!
She has read but wants to learn pain/pleasure and experience sub space etc.
It was war and it was Hell!
i dont care if he's a black or wut as long as i love him.
there are lots of boys that like loud, funny, smart and sporty girl :)
She has started TALKIN' to that guy.
yep, under the stars.. movie theater, pool, hot tub, bed, car.
Think of it like this u live together already.
Best of luck to both of you.
If this guy does not and refuses to let you have fun then he is not worth it.
Thats like saying hair on his d**k is unattractive and him shaving it off.
plus if they give you to much trust, people often abuse it.
ive just descibed myself , and i know im a good girl !
youve got to be more spacific
Dont knock it til you've tried it.
You want to help him, huh?
if he goes crazy for something then do it and he might not even care about the pantyhose.
Look to see where her hands are.
do you give them the eye or are you just friendly?
Then find out if you are OK with it, and then go for it or get the heck out!
At mid 50, that thing is probably not working like it used to.
yes, just go straight to the judge.
is it because of his girlfriend?
it's not how big it is it's how you use it
I do prefer Aggressive guy than Shy guy.
Did he have a bad childhood?
FETISHISM ... is it a problem?
Ofcourse you are if the avatar looks like you
friends with benefits I guess  that would be the only reason I see is she gets it from them
In God's name - NO SHARING!
What is it that girls look for in guys?
u must have to be expert in lying
Um... look the guy up and down then say, 'hey, how you doin'?
with just home all the time and doing what you want.
it would so be jesse mccartney
oh it sounds like this yahoo question anwser is converting into forums.
the BEST way is to tell him.
i consider myself ready when i have 1. a college degree 2. money
tell her u didnt mean it that way.
and nary a hair on her head.
its better than have loved because if u didnt than u wouldnt know what love felt like
they cant make you stay married, thats what i did, and we got it done.
You cant make a guy like you.
this kind of thing takes time and if u love her and she loves u then u will know!
AND they will ALL want him!
it was the truth and she backed off.
take time to take ur decision
yes & you men never no the difference.
If no, why don't u do it?
bkuz thats how it iz  guyz do hav sik mines n itz normel
I'm led to believe that my girl is cheating on me...
many people got married because their biological clock is ticking, so they get hitched to the one they love.
I'm a girl and I don't get it.
i would post more, but everyone here at Y!
I know no women whom think that is sexy.
it depends how long was the break between her ex and u ?
you know small talk.let it flow.
Tell her to consult 'Dear Abby'.
(He asked me out 5 years ago)
Yes..that is rule #1 in girlfrienddom..i don't care what the age is...you just dont do it.
dude, just think of her negative actions.
BEEN CHEATED ON SO MANY TIMES BY MY HUSBAND THAT I KNOW EVERY EXCUSE THERE IS...
stupid is as stupid does   momma says
If it is then going w/ him will not be a very good idea
i would probably just get caught looking at him a lot.
well i think it is important for both of them.
you dont see him, you dont really communicate to him.
bcs today i just knew what its means by bad girl ...!!!!!!!
Yes I seem to think so
sometimes it is best to wait, until you are sure
keep trying and one might stick.
every one says they have a boy friend or a gilrfriend...
You need to get some marriage counseling pronto!
you cant feel it at the moment.
---  well, that should get the ball rolling.
Or I just get a b -day present of valentines day present!
if you love him/her...why not... we were not meant to be alone in this world
If he becomes sad, say you will (can, don't HAVE TO) be friends.
Consider yourself LUCKY and quit bitchin'!!!
But I hate it when a guy cant even remember their girls birthday or remember valentines day or christmas.
I ask her to do things with us she always refuses.
im in texas and all the gay guys hang on montrose
i love ya'll single and 16
If not your dad, a brother, old highschool friend, whoever!
something like  So if i asked you out would you say yes?
Just stay cool and just hang out with him.
Not sure she would WANT to marry a guy that is 7 years older than ME!
or maybe then ask yourself; 1. why does my husband wants a mistress?
Girl dumb that zero and find a hero.
well im mad at my friend whos goin out wit my ex.
You should just be very honest - not mean!
START SLOW AND FASTER SLOW THEN FASTER.
then why would you have sex with this person ?
Plus thicker women tend to have big booties and big ol boobies for more sexual fun.
im sorry but that is hilarious!
ok...i live in SC, United States, im 14-15 and a gurl.
I don't want to be rude but you are going to propose to your bf??
To keep your mind off of it you need to move on.
maybe you haven't found the ONE for you yet....
I kissed my hubby when we were dating!
WE BOTH LOVE EACH OTHER VERY MUCH.
WELL MOST DUDES LOVE 2 GET THEIR DICC SUCKEDOR BUY THEM A XBOX 360
single  divorced  looking  for  a  gf ;-)))
If you want him to calm down sit down with him and talk to him.
that is sick,might i add- illegal in most states!
sit him down and ask him to tell u what he feels about u. dont delay to do this.
SORRY, I DON'T UNDERSTAND THE QUESTION
dont listen to your sister just make sure you dont mess up the dress and everything will be fine
you will just know if ya ain't ready then ya ain't ready.
haha..age aint nuttin but a number
u should be more discriptive dear .
and she wouldn't travel taht far to visit if she doesn't care about you.
One more thing, If you've really had enough, don't get divorced.... Get God!
i think its worth it !
YOU CAN FIND THEM IN SAN-DIEAGO CA,
dont be afraid ma, being shy cant hold u bac from hollering at a guy.
You need to get to know him a little bit more, alot more seems more like it!
GUYS HAVE A HARD TIME PROCESSING THINGS LIKE THAT.
why does it always seem that there aren't any good people out there??
talk to him alone and see if he says anything
IF YOU DO......DON'T PRESENT YOURSELF AS A EASY GO-ER OR ANYTHING.
I find it doubtful that she hates you for no reason at all.
That's wat i think and i just turn 17.
so try using some Honey vs Vinager.
my man would rather have a gurl thats thick and about 5 foot 5
But she didn't make any call.
use your common sence here (strange relationship ) or not , something is not right .
umm on the beach silly i mean your in hawaii!!!
He is just using words to get into your pants!!
well if u want to find out u could always ask his friends.
Just take a deep breath and do it!
if you really LOVE  why you want to Forget??
he does.. rest assured he does.
I guess it depends on who you ask?
Oh well, let them learn the hard way.
Is it blondes, reds, burrnettes, or even the neon color haired girls?
im a guy, yes, yes that is.
hotness, i look for smarts, and intelligence.
DO NOT LET SOME ONE USE YOU!
but dotn take too long cause she wants to know.
because you have to do it one day.
Like look at prostitutes they have mare then anyone else.
Duh...you just found that one out!
I DONT HAVE A PROBLEM WITH IT.
afraid 2 say that only time will heal your heart.
BE YOUR SELF AND HOPEFULLY THE RIGHT GUY WILL COME ALONG
Some women experience no pain whatsoever ( I personally didn't) and some women have found it very painful.
I don't like porno grphic movie but in the middle of decent movies, i find sometimes sex.
older women are better in the bedroom trust me on that one.
those are the things they look for in them.
Don't marry this guy just because he is coming to visit!
A fruit cake....Naw seriously I know of women that are like that.
if you move closer to her and she doesnt pull away.
being yourself is the best tip for attracting a girl
PORN IS NOT FOR A FEMALE THAT RESPECTS HERSELF,HER FEELINGS,HER BODY,AND HER PARENTS IF THEY SEE IT.
think about the day you will meet your maker!
for girls who have asked out guys before
You all can go to hell!
that's when you either move or find a new circle of people to hang out with.)
Help me I can not stop thinking about her she means alot to me.
AND... he'll know you've got kids and not hold it against you!
it depends on the height of the girl.
Well umm.. ok first if I was u I wouldn't take any medicines.
Well..its the little things that he may do.
but you have to acccept that, tht girl did not choose  to be bald..
if u noticed u probley couldnt stand being alone!
if that doesnt work then u could try to tell her that u dont like him.
WHEN THE PENIS IS TOUCHED, I CONSIDER IT AN ACT.
If your not comfortable with it then dont.
it's not the size of the wave...its the motion of the ocean that counts
what the hell are you talkin about
He didn't ask me out becuase we are 'just friends.'
Look at things honestly and you can feel it!
Whay the need to get mardid at that young age.
you can get over on any man you choose with a bubble
some don't like sporty girls because they don't want you to be better than them.
There are other tale tale signs....nipples harden, lips swell(top and bottom ones!)
DISEASES....do you know where her friend has been?
?I'm not saying be naive and a doormat.. i don't think you would have that in you anymore.
sure stay of the booze and enjoy reality.
think of stuff or do stuff that makes u happy.. like maybe sewing...riding horses...watching a classic movie... e.t.c.
Please if there is a God tell me you are kidding.
it's not the looks their after, it's what's inside that counts... sorry for butting in...
They're like aliens that can't understand you, and you'll just think, Duh!
hey am sorry buh i tryed everywhere and i cudnt find him phone number... sorry again!!
and have her pay child support .
I'M TRYING TO FIND OUT WHAT IS REAL LOVE ?
Just how old are you and maybe I'll think about it
if he MOVES there then yeah i would move on yourself.
SHE SHOULD LEARN HOW THINGS WORK ROUND THERE 1ST
You seem like me from that little bit.
But, I wouldn't have sex with him until we got married!
so beware before doing anything stupid.
there's a lot to be said for foreplay
YES IT IS VERY POSSIBLE TO BE IN LOVE WITH SOMEONE OTHER THEN THE ONE YOU ARE WITH(SPOUSE).
But have to only choose 1!!!
and if there not then atleast they know not to even think of cheating because thell lose!
It worked for my mom and dad.
She would tell people that I was pregnant (which I am not).
no just don't have sex into its the right time
Talk to them, but if you can wait, until your mature...
fall in love with another and you'll forget all about him.
LOve i m in mumbai india plz rep
A friend is someone that going have ur back no matter what during the tough things and good times.
you'll know it's love guys if they're not afraid to cry to you.....
i have no idea..tell me what it is once you have the answer lol
Like a guy you went to school with.
Wait til you're married to the one of your dreams!!!
BUT there are plenty of guys out there who are, just keep you chin up.
Because GOD showed us his love through Jesus Christ
I mean its like, specially th guys only hav one thin on ther minds.
Like a guy you went to school with.
Wait til you're married to the one of your dreams!!!
BUT there are plenty of guys out there who are, just keep you chin up.
Because GOD showed us his love through Jesus Christ
I mean its like, specially th guys only hav one thin on ther minds.
Screaming and moaning is usualy fake.
ask your girl or wife to do it for you..it's free and easy if they're not cam shy
he is still mad at me and he has been for 5 years now.
Just make sure it is a guy.
so that there are chats & back-biting between chicks & rarely u see that in guys!
When I do, it's just for a second or two while she's walking (normally she's with friends).
!THE GREATEST PLACE TO HAVE FUN!!
she who doesnt care others feelings and dont value the ppl who cares for her!
your sick, youre probably the cause of the divorce.
in a matter of time .
It just means you are not in love.
if you like that girl or you love her, tell her and if she loves you she'll tell you.
1. how much fun a person has depends on the individual, not hair colour.
and yet they keep going on?
I thought I had learned my lesson, boy was I wrong..
I can't seem to let her go...
Just wait     --you'll find that one and only soon enough!
will he try to talk to u much ?
She is your ex so don't worry about it.
Just make small chit chat and hang out with her.
it hurts and it is wierd and you get uncomfortable.
forget about z bad things and keep moving slow good luck
just say stop u dont like smothering that much
i cant drive just yet, and my bf si 16. can anyone help me.
if u r thinking of only 1 person all the time.then it's love.
I would try to come up with an excuss but i can't.
there really isnt any way to avoid the pain..........its gonna hurt.
Need to get my Butt offline
You don't need a spell but you do need to spell it out to your wife him or me.
If you need to ask the it is time to go.
who's telling you, that u should.
:) I don't think there is one moment when you wake up and *know*.
That's the worst thing you could do.
And tell you how much you like her and y you like her.
Don't say he's just a friend if he's not.
Just say that u dnt want to date, But still want to be friend's.
genuises are hard  to come by.
im afraid that i might break my boyfriends heart if i want to go with my crush.
But you should be able to tell it like it is.
i've known several happily married couples who met that way.
Pick up your socks, quit your crying and go and read a book...or something.
look for signs like her caring about u or acting more kind towards u.
shake it and use it and make them happy doing it!
Listen to what she has to say and what she doesnt say, Treat her like a princess
Of course ur ready to go with him.
If not... well then she's not worth your time and patience.
It's not my fault, he says.
Tell him your giving him a seventh year?!?!?!
i like both names, its hard 2 pick.
GO FOR A MATURE, HONEST MAN.
because he's not that into you, just like when you tell a guy you'll call him.... you dont...
agbaya... u should kno better than that
No need to over think it.
I am so scared to get married again...
change ur mind and ur thoughts dear
There is if you want it to be.
when you get all scared around who you like
first u should apolojyse than at lease get 2 know each other.
Your so cute and u should have a boyfriend if u don't have one!!!
no offense, but this strikes me as an incredibly bad idea.
Um MsLadie, that is how you spell come youre probably thinking cum LAY
No, you should not cheat on him.
Go head boo n do ur dizzle.
then not to mention what happens to the kids?
But afterwards i want to puke.
with the warranty or u no wat?
you'll be doing both of you a favor.
Find somebody else that you could love.
when you turn 18, no one will care how old the guy.
there is no security in that.
omg i am from utah i visit my dad there
The world is FULL of nice men.
Good luck, and smile alot, but most important, just be who you are!
...which happened to be y'alls too.
They actually do fake orgassms if you don't do a good job in bed.
the main question is , is it normal to feel insecure when with her together because of her past?
But we have always made it.
i do not know what to tell my bestfriend.
Right now, you just need to be a friend.
Ask him if he wants to quit.
Pester her for more info, or what?
Please help, it's bugging me every day!
sweetbreeze is on the money  you are in LOVE -- he is in LUST
That ought to do the trick...
save yourself for someone who cares about you.
how old are you then i will answer
it looks like u r on crack ugly!
Is he having an affir now??
well if you are able to go places then go.
OR MAYBE YOU ARE JUST NOT WITH THE RIGHT ONE.
plz tell me what should i do.
Others gush with orgasims...everyone is different!
but they don't need to scream.
how do you know anybody else loves you?
I don't know who this profile fits but if you know of one give him my address !
i think josh is a better name than kyle go for josh girl!!!
we (my bf&me)r ready for sex, we just need to get our hands on some protection.
If you think he's worth it, then sure
if with time u forget the person then it's crush.
hispanic fathers tend to frown upon that sort of thing.
to have someone else to love you exept your family.
I was just wondering about this.. please find out for me.
If he doesnt like it thats his problem he isnt living his sons life.
Whatever you do, don't test him, guys HATE that.
i would do anything for either one.
If he is a good man talk about your problems.
if you wish big, and you get small then that matters because it was an undisirable effect, and viseversa.
I like watching football but my husband doesn't.
what does a one-night stand mean to you?
only the busy guys are too busy
to be frank, you sound like a fool.
HE IS BLACK AND ABOUT 29 YEARS OLD AND DID BASIC TRAINING AT FT JACKSON IN SOUTH CAROLINA
well i will stay out of and then wait so you could say i told you so.
heels, they tell what type of girl is she.
ask him or have one of your girl friends ask him..
im in atl.. did he travle ?
obviously you need to 1. get honest with yourself about who you are.
Baby Steps   What About Bob-the movie
this question is kinda hard to explain but trust me if you are ready then ya will know.
No, I do not have a boyfriend
Which is okay its just that I realized that we are not like what we used to anymore.
So to make both of you happy, why won't you get engaged?
you know what, read between the lines!
I too have 2 young girls 1 & 3.
idk...experiment with vibrators, touching during sex and idk go to cosmoplitan for answers they usually have good stuff.
He`s at home with his wife in THEIR bed right now.
OK, take your kid(s) to the park on a Saturday or Sunday.
nothing like cuddling up, on a cold day, to a furry guy!
stay inside and keep your clothes on.
dont be afraid to make the first move.
there's no easy way just tell them
She gets upset because they spend alot of time with me.
thats just the way parrents think.
well  its something someone says when you see a butt like that
Drink... or vent about it to a stranger...
If he sounds like a rooster
We broke up because I dont trust him.
Easy, you go up to her.
how do you know your wife is going there.
when you know he/she is the one and you love him/her very much!
Its been 5 yrs for me too.
It just comes and stays there forever and if it doesn't then it's not really true love ;)
maybe you are asking them question that are personal
things change i dont know where any of my old friends are even at its life priortys change.
Tell her to be an adult and get over it.
MY DAD SAYS IT IS WHATEVER MY MOM WANTS.
he would be in pain but that would be ok. i would get to see how he takes stress.
Thats a tough one, my girlfriend complained for me snoring.
Sure buddy, as long as your not some kind of a phsyco in rubber gloves.. varkiemina@yahoo.com
I asked myself questions, like, Am I going to miss out on other guys/opportunities if I get married?
But what if she likes what you said, what next?
i mean what if she moves before you ask?
i dont think kissing someone would make someone think you're a hoe.
9 years without dates or sex or anything.
i think it depends on your waist size and how big your butt is.
just do him and tell him that this what he will be missing.
MY advice is dont have more kids.
If you betray her confidence its bad but if you dont tell her parents it could be worse.
Do you mind if I use it.
or  Your father likes her and your mother doesn't.
well, how do u make him feel loved?
Guys think with the wrong head.
DISEASE, DEATH, GUILT, REGRET, PREGNEANCY, SO MANY ENJOYMENTS.
If he is surprised, Ask him is it wrong to like someone?
you shouldn't come on too hard but, you should ask him out but not too forceful or pushy.
if he approaches you that way tell him that he's not wut your looking for.
(2) if she felt the same way as you do bout her... your missing out on a lot.
Keep getting Stuck and Dont know what 2 say.
get his mind off of it by doing things beside sitting around.
well you should be glad because first of all you aren't black .
It probably means you don't find her attractive, you're desperate.
Kinda like leasing w/ option to buy.
You may not like him in person, anyway!
You can tell her, (name here), I like you more than a friend.
well if u think ur ready.
ok i am not a physco i am just kidding.
visit park, meuseums, zoo,zoological gardens cienema houses
best friend are always the best mate, you already know everything about them.
you can learn a lot about a person when they get hurt.
and spend the rest of your life only with your kids  good luck
but she is completely unstable now with two failed marriages .
Because to me seems like she does that always.
with a possesive attitude like that no wonder she / he does not.
Be her friend but most importantly be you!
nooo you are not stupid, if you stay with him you will just be hurting yourself.
u can get some good friends on net.
If he treats you and your kids great... wonderful!
because our heart are always looking for something new  guys and girls too.
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo!
I hope she (mom) finds out because then you can say I told ya so.....good luck!
Don't you know the answer to that since your the one married to her.
a hint of advice: don't let it go by
and that i was to wrapped up in this other guy to really like her boyfriend.
heh...ive already got 1 and im in cali.
hmmm, when will i know when i'm ready?
2nd time he asks, say: Well, I like you, but not in that way.
DO NOT PICK A PLACE WHERE YOU COULD BE SEDUCED.
and about your crush, why is he heart broken?
listen, the best way is to go tell him that u like him.
TRY NOT TO THINK TOO MUCH!!
SAY HEY (PERSONS NAME) I THINK U ARE REALLY HOTT.
It did feel good & hubby did a lot of forplay before hand.
Having sex and giving birth isnt all peaches & cream like most put it!
But if you take it I will hunt you down like a beast!
Are you brain dead or what....
gotta pen and i'd surely would like to be ur pal
HELL yeah that makes you gay.
cant u c she doesnt love u?
sometimes we get sick of waiting around for ya, too, so ya better hurry up and go get her!!
I waited until I graduated from h.s.
If so, my email is notsayin82@yahoo.com  I might be her boyfriend...
if ur asking and can't tell than she probably doesn't and if she does she'd show it.
tell her your feelings and see what she replies
a little get together then theys party
because we want to show u off to people  women r the same way
hell yes because if you don't you'll be kicking yourself really REALLY H A R D
what's the difference between me and a name of the flirtiest guy you ever know!!!??
I'm a blonde, and I have tons of fun:-)
Debby: I don't know if you believe in God, but...
Think about that then ask her!
guys just have a primal urge and they need it..no game along with it..just need it.period..
You're first time u not going to go that long.
Will your BF stay with you if you don't have sex with him?
your not listening to your head .
send a note his way and see whats comes up
and i tried telling my m0m but she doesnt belive me
When there is so little doubt, you don't feel the need to ask that question (serious not sarcasm)
Well I find boys very atracted to me.
;-) but consider it a compliment.
...gave you a flower just to brighten your day, and then walked away without asking you for your number?
It's not attractive but I don't want my man to ever shave his.
be understanding and give it another shot maybe call her up?
I can't reveal too much, as to there might be women reading this.
depends on how old you are....
I Just love having sex with them, they feel even more femenine than some women.
Yeah, a lot of women fake...There could several reasons...
and if you want to take another step don't be afraid to ask her out.
or tell you that you have two hands do it yourself.
which means 1 out of 2 get divorce .
i havent yet and im turning 16 next month.
if you really love the person you can't just forget them.
The man replied: Oh thank God!
Dump her, dump her, dump her.
You are freaking gay or lesbian.
YES EVEN IF IT WILL MAKE THERE LIFE BETTER.
i think ive given enough info this time.
lot harder to just bare it then..
LET HIM KNOW THAT YOU ARE FEELING UNCOMFORTABLE, AND YOU WOULD LIKE TO WAIT.
or what if she's asked by a guy SHe really likes?
But, if he lies and doesn't do anything at all.
if u say it is ^_^
live your life for yourself not for him, thats what he's doing.
whatever country you want replaces the question mark
give a guy a chance...you never know what you may find.
Why do guy say they will call then never do.
how do u deal with your spouse beig away?
Shorter guys like shorter girls so their the taller 1 in the relationship.
Think about these 2 things: 1.
or Would you like fries with that?
I paint them because I like to see my pretty toes I do it for me
but as the other guy put it, love knows no boundries.
do u write letters and send packages?
You did'nt mention what the trouble is....... good luck
If you have to ask then you're probaly not ready yet.
dont do it unless u plan on getting another job!
U don't have to be mad or to thing about beeing mad Bec.
I hope your boyfriend didn't hear that story!
you have to be yourself tell them the truth and speak from your heart ok!
So like....is it like ok if I like don't answer right now?
that is just the way it is.
save your sons for god sake.
You need to play it cool.
Heck yea duh, put them panties on me and get the whip out.
not all guys want just sex, unlike me i like sex and talk at the same time.
I have pepper spray but I can't spray it or else I'll get into trouble.
without you and then expect her to be o.k.
and i hope you dont have children .
when you find the love of your life.
Go up to her and say somehting like Excuse me, I'm a bit lost.
If u always in thinking something, n u should ask ur heart tht wht r u feeling.
thats french that means me i am not french.
maybe at the age of 25 yrs i will no that is the time for me to get married
I'd say pester her for more info!!!
Get to be friends then ask her out.
don't worry, love will find you.
guys like you who cares about what girls think.
Some people are crazy, avoid them ;)
So if u started f**king then it's okay.
NEITHER HAS HAD AN ACTUALL WEDDING CEREMONY.
this is vicked01's wife  ONS 1.
Drop her A$$ like a hot brick!
16 do u want 2 have sexual concent not 2 be nosie
and one day with your boys visit the attorney .
She's a jerk and you're pathetic if she uses you like that.
Then she came back to me sayin that she didn't want that guy anyway.
men need validation,if you meet with him there could why?
well if you really like or love him than yes but only for that amount of time.
this question is a start, its the first foolish thing you did!!
to eliminate boredom..... and after that sing bad day by daniel powter
if you wanna find out, you can ask his friends.
i'm thirteen but have a big dick girll!!!
I promise you that he wants them more than you do!
Act as if you just had some curiosity.
U'll know if he's the 1 don't worry!!
soon they'll be saying oh that girl.
(not to be confused with dependant on him to support you!)
BT HE IS NOT PREPARED AS HE IS NOT STABLE IN LIFE FINANCIALLY.
if she say no, just wait....good luck
r u sure u have a boyfriend?
It was so funny at the time lol
Do Not go back for the kids!
well, if its affecting you then its probably best to break up.
hey, u just to earn some points....heheheeh
Ask your self Can I live with this all my life?
And ALWAYS remember this phrase: If you love it, set it free.
i feel like i tell him everything and he tells me nothing.
dont use sex n your body for having fun !
don't go back for the childrens sake.
I have 3 kids and we have 1 together.
if your honest and carefull it can work!!
That is just their nature I guess.
Ans: there is no perfect guy.
But keep in mind that finding someone you recognize as the person of your dreams is very very difficult!
do  u really able to take responsibilty of one more person..?
But if not you know what to do.
nope its all in how it is used
if u r not in india....then it's a problem.
don't trip would you like to get with one of friends ex think about it
but you don't have to get married to be comfortable.
obviously u need both of them.
(Iceman is my hubby lol...he really is the most amazing man ever though...I love him soooo much)
My husband is cheating on me w/ my best friend and i just found out.
or he will stay flirting with others?
should i love it or hate it.
because a lot of kids do, so obvisously you will to!
just flant wut u got, sista!
youre not the only one, honey.
Think light makeup and pretty, like you can do the mom thing and still look good!
once you're pretty sure you're ready, you should ask him out!
just realize that later on you can find yourself in the same dillemma.
First of all, how old are u?
If you are questioning if you are ready then don't do it now.
havent u ever seen Mean Girls?
and then you'd NEVER have time to do anything)...
How to tell a guy you are not ever going to give them any?
:D  Don't tell them you are a lesbian.
we should totally go see it together!.
With friends like that who needs enemys.
And no I am not gay dont even try to say I am.
YOU WILL NEVER HAVE HIM ALL TO YOURSELF.
i think is the in and out movement that mekes it good lol i think
just be urself...u sound foolish enough to me!
Good luck with the jail bait.
well im looking for a penpal too, jus e-mail  pimpdivadee@aol.com, and i will get bac to you
They beleive you or they don't.
When her Daddy has a shotgun in your back ... lol ... :)
that sounds familiar...yes, its still better that you have loved, no matter how many times you got hurt.
Too much too soon is bad.
Let her know she is the one you wish to spend the rest of your life with.
sit them down with your intended and just tell them...or don't tell them till u elope....
thats all you need is trust
Keep your mouth shut and do not tell anyone.
i dont know,i have never been married.
your one of those crazy people
Sometimes that can lead guys to lust for you...
Then in december she broke up wid me cuz she started likin another guy.
I say don't play games in a relationship.
i don't know what he's trying to do.
and below the belt wants a hottie, it's a sad fact.
b&d=bondage and discipline s&m=sadism and masochism
you've got to know someone before u develope love for that person.
i do not know if i would go up and  talk to him
OH BABY...Let me lick your Coochie...And then take you shopping..
friend (frnd)  n. A person whom one knows, likes, and trusts.
Well i feel, you should go with it.
you know already don't you you can't fool us
please give me your comment on this one.
COLLEGE IS HARD, AND WORKS SUCKS!
i probably am going to anyways so i just want opinions
TOO MUCH DRAMA, WHAT ARE YOU THINKING?
you will find somebody as great as her who will not ditch you or use you.
Ignore here and see what happens, if she asks you if something is wrong then your in there.
i do have a boyfriend and he is the cuties guy ever but sometime's he is am ass.
it's a smooth move i've seen played many times before
Will try 2 talk 2 whenevr he/she sees u.
Very abnormal and silly i might add, because what kind of female dont wanna kiss her man?
Ok I know this answer because I take a psychology class!
simply because it feels good or that it's painful in a good way
Then again, she doesnt want kids, so shes not the ONE.
What if you had a chance to go out with one of your friends ex's?
Aslo you cant want it too badly.
u remind me of my mother na just playin.
There ARE good guys out there!
me and my man and nomore
Chin-up, it could be alot worst.
He was so mature when we started he just seems to be missing out on something.
So perhaps we'll say, I'm so glad we're friends.
of course they r great lovers they have chinky eyes (630)220-0996
normally, i don like touch, i................
truly kind and caring people aren't as common as it seems.
anyway, good luck to both of you and hope you hit it well!
tell him you got another date!
come on, this situation is not fair to the girlfriend and it is defintely not fair to you.
we get along well but i think i am to old for her .
wanted to ask her out but I am shy dmmit!
stay funny and smart and loud (thats me!!)
So, I guess you surround yourself with the wrong peoples!
have you ever seen an inbred person?
That is sort of how guys are.
I'm pretty shy around him and he probably thinks I'm crazy but he's so smart and so cute!
I guess you just have to keep on looking and the right guy will come soon.
She doesn't like you, so you can stop wondering.
He'  my one and only love.
girls have half the money and all the p****
NOPE not me hate the movie but allways Romantic baby
i have stopped looking ^_^  seriously
I dated this girl from my work once and it led to well use your imagination.
Huh or how can i get them together?
And then last year he dumped me for good.
You can IM me at lil_nemo_2005
porn is disturbing n its definatly BAD in dating... its almost liek cheating on ur bf/gf
no male armpit hair is not attractive at all
But some stuff it just can't help you with.
our relationship is better & i feel better at work because i dont let things get to me anymore.
have you ever asked on how the marriages ended?
Constantly wanting to hang all over me and baby talk to me, ya know...that sort of thing.
some guys like sporty but some don't.
I don't date work 60 plus hours and with kids the rest of the time.
listen to what your heart tells u
But is there another good one, where people are more real????
just tell her in a sinsear way
I agree with once a cheater always a cheater.
Go to one of the search engines(google,yahhoo etc) and type in PenPals in ?
i think the little birdy...or muscle
AT THAT POINT I FEEL THAT THERES BEEN SOME ACTION.
They also love guys who beg for sex.
Incest is always wrong - it's the kind of thing animals, not human beings, do.
Or later on you realize that it really S ucks and you should not have commited this mistake?
if you have to ask, you aint a master.
Girls why do you want a boy why not a man?
no younger than 19, unless you have the urge
or is it just that you feel that way because you've got crap self-esteem and are depressed?
then give her some feeling about u. and u should go with the girl u like.
If he LOVED you as you claim you both do, he would not DO that to you.
i think you should totally ask him out cuz i'm pretty sure he likes you and will say yes!
i have 20 friends do u watch lizzie maguaire?
to be in a good mood start smiling and making conversations
No ofcourse, But if your husband/wife caught you then it is.. lol
Ditto - he does - if he answers to the contrary - he's full of it!
This lets me know this is a BIG deal!
14-15 is WAY TOO YOUNG to have sex...
u  couyld  tell  really  easey   if  u do
Also, he cheated on me with her, so technically, should I feel bad for seeing him?
Everybodys first time sucks...and even on his third time he's still gonna suck, so I agree...he must be gay.
so far I think they are the best...hmmm mmmm
i think know one knows until your in love its your  own opinion its what you fell
what do you get when you get married, that you don't get while you are not .
It's harder on the kids, but she needs to chill out!
but it's not our age differance.
Figure it out - there is so much life out there.
HARD WET NECK & BELLY KISSES NO FORPLAY.
if you don't want to explain, so be it.
Of course it feels good for boys Their pussy feels good.Are you a girl.
and a smile to go with it all.
maybe he wants to step it up a notch - y'know, marriage... or maybe he's sex starved.
you'll know it when you find it.
I guess my question is this: Is it worth giving it a go?
I dont wanna be a genius anymore
He sucks more than you do.
Later that day she tried to call me 17times but I didnot pick them up
That's the part that so many miss out on.
just tell him.i dont like u anymore and leave me alone u freak!
tell him your not ready and its not the best time and try again in a nice way
What i like is a boy that don't let his pants hang.
Their mother dated and married a guy they didn't like it lasted 3yrs and she is now divorced.
If I could give you a hug I would....cuz I know I sure coulda used one then.
u should get him superbowl tickets!
take the depo shot and don't tell him.
honest is always best it shows us where the real love is.
If you love him, say yes.
Be romantic.....not the 'hey I got ya sum flowers' kinda thing.....lol.
I guess why are you asking me this??
Ok i like tis guy who i go to school with.
yes, hopefully hes hung and will love pleasing your wife.. whats your wife look like?
we going to McDonalds baby and we getting 2 Big Macs
I like to touch the butt, and his manly package!!!
anything can work out if you make it
i tried to tell him why i did what i did and why i stopped.
quit torturing yourself and using him ... move on
i agree, u should make him pay ur bills, but help him out in return.
yes i like a few people why
tell him or her tha real love set the partner free
ask him to bring back tacos.
Forget it......................or you could look at magazines
Love on him and give him lots of attention.
Better put this one on my Watch List...
If he wants a  mistress, he does not deserve you!
i am looking forward to do this...
if all fails see a specialist
i would drop a barbell on him and then he would have to talk to me.
But reassure them she still loves them...
Am I the only one on ehre that likes armpits??
MY BROTHER IS OLDER BUT HE STAYS FOR HIS GAMES
i can get it though should i do that and call back or wait till be calls back ?
I'm just saying this because what he did was NOT YOUR FAULT!
whoever answered bed sure has some loose screws =p i'd say go to a theme park.
if he can do that, then everything else falls into place i think...
cos u dont need to worry about how ur goin to live on for ur next part of live.
age dont matter its whenever you get MARRIED!
So far I hooked up two friends with my advice!
Find a guy your age, or just wait 5 years...
If not, hunt it down and kill it!
i don't believe in backstabbing for a guy, but she thought i meant it that way.
It's because you probably come off like a lil' sister, or a buddy.
Are you guys gay or what?
DONT TALK TOO MUCH JUST HOLD HER HAND AND GO AHEAD IN ACTION .. MAKE SURE YOU ARE ALONE
my boyfriend said the same to me when i feel sad at work.
follow your heart...no one can force u to do anything u are an adult
well it actually depends on the situation.
If he can't respect that you deserve better!
take the time necessary to be sure what a life long committment really is all about.
the sad part is that we are both to shy to do anything!
hey I'll be one if you want
I don't need a super good-looking guy.
but he said that he would still continue to help me.
Read He's Just not that Into You...It gives  you lots of advice about what to look for.
If she isn't willing to clean up, then move on.
If he gets mad, tell him like it is.
Sounds to me like you are hit s*x puppet.
Might be so for you not so for many other small men though Give it a try
Save sex until you are married, keep it for that one special person in your life.
i would like to know his name :) to thank him, thats something sweet to do for a stranger.
it all depends on how spicy you want it to be...theres a world of sweet perversions out there =)
I don't know, you should def.
so go for it and let them!
need good friends from all over the world and we will make a great fun i promise.
Just pick up ur pieces fast and move on.
HOWEVER YOU OUT GREW YOUR SPOUSE.
It falays you up and cuts deep!
If you care for him, why break up?
SIZE DOES MATTER, IM TOO BIG AND SO IT HURTS THE GIRLS, I HONESTLY WISH I WAS SMALLER.
so calm down and realax only u will know when u r ready!
Because I never choose to stay close to the person I dislike.
but you might gain something antibotics cant rid.
keep this outlook and you'll get further than they ever would.
if your not mad then dont be mad.
i did, i broke up with my boyfriend but regret it later.
it depends on if you make it last.
ignor him that is probably what the girls that he had sex with told him he was.
For me though if I had to choose just one it would be romance for sure .
If you love one another you stick it out anyway.
People think that it's weird but so what its what i like and what i like is NOONES buisness!
But things are not always going to feel this bad.
dont talk about old guys you dated or marriage and you should see an answer here soon.
I do not hate my spouse!
well u should let them kno the real u good luck
trust me i was there 20 years ago.
gosh , that name sounds so familiar !
in the movies we see all this great time for your first time.
the question is not can i live _with_ this person the rest of my life?
is it fare you you do love the person the same way they love you?
older and younger i rather kids but like preteen their awesome specially if they r skateboarders
the short answer is that girls look for guys that make them feel good.
Have you called him but did he always put you off or seem always busy?
i am 9 years old and i have a crush on a 4th grader named james creater.
No girl wants to push herself on a guy if he only sees her as a friend.
b/c if its peer pressure, then u should just ditch those friends.
Well why didn't you say so earlier!
26-39 A pickup truck filled with Coors!
I so know how it feels to be hung up on a guy, its no fun.
You'll never forget it...Will the next guy do this too?...
!LIVE FOR YOURSELF quit wasteing time with him!!
yes , do you like being sick ?
No they probably don't, because we don't!!
I can say one thing you think big..Lady
Unless you had a Mini Cooper and her legs wouldn't fit.
i dont know but talk to me
If youre not married, it's flat out WRONG.
older, i rather someone that will teach me than me having to teach someone
BE PROUD FOR YOUR PERSONALITY AND YOUR NICE FIGURE.
he is a grown man and his father needs to see his son happy.
U cant control ur feelings but u can control ur actions.Preserve ur dignity,move on and hope 4 the best.
ask him can yall go out to a picnic or a restaurant or a movie or something.
if it's not a great ending it's not the end keep ur head up!
my advice, pick the one that is the cutest!!!!
and for the lady: take care of your man -- he won't admit it, but he's a big baby.
i dont really think so it depends what size you are.
2. get out there and meet some new people.
foreplay - to get you aroused faster.
I am that kind of guy.
Cuddle, play, and lounge around a lot!
The guy wants to marry her.
OR FRIENDS OR CHURCH MEMBERS HAPPEN TO BE ON INTERNET FOR OTHER PURPOSES AND A PORN SITE POPS UP.
I did bleed a little bit.
Tell him that you like him A LOT.
Don't try to push the issue, have patience with him and give him time to learn to trust you.
but just recently I just signed a lease and he signed it to.
and everything checked out on each end.
example: hey, i want to see that movie, too!
explain it further... nobody seems to understand what you meant...
Mom, dad, (insert male name) asked me to marry him and I said yes.
It's just something were going to deal with sooner or later girl!
I called my daughtor and she cries out in my ear things that just rip a dad's heart out.
for example, are there any phone calls the day after, no second date .
This might be a big surprise to them, it might not.
i feel that nobody in this world is that nice
Don't allow her to play that way.
If that don't work find someone to get him off your hands
lean on friends that is what they are there for.
no not at all  go for it
i don't know hispanic gals but i guess that they like.
if you want to call, so be it.
I've used mine all over the world.
I just start by asking some one out.
you can't show that you love a little bit or alot.
First, you have to love YOU!
scent You know what I mean.
I love my mother so much.
Wht do u do to make him feel tht hez important n special to u?
You'll find a much better guy, I promise.
well, flirting around with him and try to be friend first.
YOU HAVE MORE RESPECT FOR YOURSELF THAN THAT......RIGHT.
and ask her if you really want to know.
You are above girlfriend my friend
Your mother likes him and your father doesn't.
Best of luck to you... hope that helps at all.
At least I did when I was younger.
I know what you're going thru.
She will get over it much faster that way...and you can have fun doing it.
she may say that shes ok with this but chances are she wont be .
it does get better but be prepared use protection and just enjoy yourself.
Read my lips, this jerk just cheated on you.
first try to see whether he is the right person for u when u meet!then decide!
She will get over it much faster that way...and you can have fun doing it.
she may say that shes ok with this but chances are she wont be .
it does get better but be prepared use protection and just enjoy yourself.
Read my lips, this jerk just cheated on you.
first try to see whether he is the right person for u when u meet!then decide!
Why don't you sit them down, and say I love you?
I hope as her friend you can help her out.
im 14, and catholic, and so far my parents havent told me im gunna go to hell
I hope you get asked to the by this guy.He really seems like a nice guy you know!
do you love him and can you see yourself marrying him?
Ask him so many why's and if ur satisfied with his reply, go on what ur decession.
but basically it would depend on your budget.
Don't you just love it I made it up myself!
Wow rocky.......you hit the nail on the head.
u found the shortest way to hell if he doesn't divorce her.
bottom line.... you waited 4 years for the gutters.
find another bf n just leave him goodluck
5'4 with pinkish hair and im 15 yrs.
I have to agree with bandnerd....a guy is NEVER worth 5 yrs of wanting and waiting...
I am a real singel and I am looking for a real single too!
I mean it helps keep our sex life interesting.
Ya, if you don't mind the itching.
Coz i feel so lonely in the school..
omg i think you have a mis understanding with you girlfriend
either that or it hurt her.
36 IS NOT TO OLD MY SISTER IN LAW IS 40 AND HAS ONE.
just do it and then either way you know you honestly tried.
my b/f was never like that.
you take a day at a time and dont trust your head or heart for at least a year
people ask that question every ten minutes!
I say it depends on how much and where you're shaving!
NO YOUR TOO YOUNG TO BE EVEN HAVING SEX.
Or if your friends are having sex dosn't mean you have to.
With lovey dovey thoughts in mind.
because they are already taken or they are gay
The guy's real sweet to me but I so want him bad.
If she's not receptive, then don't waist your time.
Don't worry, i like someone who is 9 years older, but i am legal now whoo-hoo!
do something big fon her on Feb 14
Theres even enough sperm in pre cum to get you pregnant.
because it's another word 4 pants but 4 ladies underwear
actually men is more pro-active or most of the time the initiator.
and yes, i do belive in true love, and soul mates.
And SHE watches them more than he does!
throw it out and get your husband to buy you a new one.
Hey I'm proud to be one!
If u wanna tell her just tell her.
thanks for inviting me to answer your ?
it is not harmful in any way, buy some body pudding and eat it like it`s candy.
But alot of girls like roses, sunflowers, tulips, lilies, orchids, carnations..
Cyber sex is just like phone sex.
Let them be friends with each other and buy a larger bed.
im no expert, but i've been there.
because ur MOM is ur only MOM.
It sounds like maybe she is just upset because her other relationship didn't work out.
TALK ABOUT THINGS THAT YOU BOTH LIKE AND GO FROM THERE
ya dude oxymoron safe uprotected sex
BUT WE HUMANS ARE SEXUAL BEINGS,AND THATS ALL GOOD.
and he doesn't even kno that i exist!!!
-Some guys also like books & magazines, posters & collectibles.
some people don't have a problem swallowing and some do.
After all, no matter what you do, his kids aren't going to dissapear.
if its meant to be, it will be.
I don't know who yours is, but I wonder if I'd ever have one.....
break up with him and never look back
but you can use your tongue to spit it out.
Just sit her down and tell her she'll be happy for you....
Only tell him if you think he feels the same way...
Just say no to baby momma drama.
umm why do you need someone to be happy maybe thats your problem.
go in slowly, then lots of pressure!
you just have to ask her.
name sounds familiar what about her?
wut if we lernt to spel or make a setants
any real life experience that hunts u still.
yes you should have someone do that for you
i know itll be hard but u cant hold on to her or ull never move on
to my enemies, i forgive you.
MAYBE THEY CAN CONVINCE YOU IT'S NOT THE RIGHT THING TO DO.
If can't handle something on my own, I'll ask (ex.
I am a child of fortune or I am a loser?
I think celibacy is NOT A WASTE OF TIME!
so many things can happen that you are just not ready for.
If he taking care of u a lot.
A) Everyone is not doing it.
At least you will have fun, even if you dont find a wife!
but try the mall or just looking around your own school.
example: my grandmother died a year ago at the age of 103 she was like a mother to me.
IT IS NOT TRUE THAT MEN LIKE SEX MORE THAN WOMEN.
And for a guy its vice versa.
I would go with plan A---not all that--but great personality....  :-)
Would you grab the money and run up to the guy and hand it back to him?
THEN IF YOU GUYS HAVE A LOT IN COMMON AND GET ALONG IT JUST MIGHT WORKOUT!
Then just say 'Will u go out with me?
This might be the one for you!
If ur that well built ,Why are u asking this question?
bullets to the head are the awnsers to lieing in love.
ull find that ur in love with him later!
#2 no matter how old you are, always remember: An Ex is ALWAYS an Ex for a reason.
nag him, if you aren't, maybe it's cuz they're too proud of themselves!
do u mean passion with true love or chemichal passion(chemichal passion never lasts)
(20 year olds are in the prime, so they may be a wee bit wild.)
when you are in love, you just know it.. you dont need others to confirm it for you!
Kick him to the street... You're gonna have problems in your relationship with his ex still around...
i still like her even though she's f**king one of my friends
at least youll know immediately if he cares about you also.
Some ppl can go on being friends.
but onething, you should see the size of the body also...  major guys doesnt like huge boobs.
Four... 1)Positive--Oh, yes, oh, yes, yes, yes!
you just have to go and be yourself.
just ask, or maybe show them you care?
does he appreciate you the right way?
i think there is somethin wrong wit u. find someone ur age
i wont sugar coat it, you should never raise your hand in anger.
yes because you are still a minor, and he could go to jail
Just talk to her since both of you like each other then you shouldn't get rejected
he cant make eye contact with you
i like smart, funny, sexy, out-going, and just knows how 2 have a good time kind of guy.
i agree with cowgirl and angel.
It kinda makes the rest bearable, ya know?
nope its not wrong....what you did was admirable.
if you really like him, he is a nice guy and he wants you back , why not???
If he dont even see at another gals/women.
LOL...ask her why she is like that.
let me know when you find out
Honey Honey Honey...Beauty Is Only Skin Deep!!!
This things makes a friendship stronger... NO QUESTIONS ASK...  Hope I was able to help you out...
so, at the end of the day, there ain't no difference.
He had a terrible life, his father beat him, blah blah blah.
Well I don't think I would be happy at first.
when you go out look at the couples.
SHE PROBABLY FIGURED THAT YOU ARE SCARED
By saying sincerely: ''baby,i am so sorry.how can i make it up to u?!
At least now he'll wash up.
You are still growing and the baby fat may go away and it may not.
you should ask her what things she's into.
can i be drunk without being drunk, i thinknot!
Hope you find the boy of your dreams!
are you thinking hes not satisfied because you arent?
Live life on your terms not somebody else's!
You r in love with her because u feel she is good for you.
I have never once used a pick up line...
If they are just friend I would tell her how I feel.
Your just in love with him.
Most guys do seem to like women with large breasts.
it isn't good to be a lesbian?
She left because I lied to her about stupid stuff.
There is a person who can care u, just think & find.
QUESTION .. WOULD U WANT TO BE MARRIED AND MISERABLE OR ALONE AND HAPPY OR CONTENT.
Maybe you need to hang out with  different women.
But that doesn't mean that there is only one lid.
Get some other idiot to rub all up against.
but a tad of innocent flirting wouldnt hurt.
iam meeting this guy for the first time sunday.
I WISH HE WILL BE CONVINCE AND LOKE YOU AND FORGET ABOUT HIS LAST B****.
talk to her and find out why she was trying to put you in that predicament.
You can get a girl pregnant.
well what makes you notice a guy???
who really knows......when you find out , lets hope he has a brother!!!
if u ask this question something should tell u that u have love.
Only the best of us have haters... =)
i am a woman and i don't think that's possible, but try to get her attention.
Even if you love him you do deserve better.
One time it got real bad.
does any one know a frank or denise?
at least the shaft and sack.
The girl back home- she sounds like the kind of person you don't want to lose touch with.
RUN TO HILLS REPEAT RUN TO HILLS
He gets his, you get urs.
Don't worry because you can fix this.
if you are not yourself then you will never fall in love truly.
why dont u try asking do u like any body?
How can i tell if he likes me or if he's playing games.
ummm not really...it should end up with being old but happy together forever
depends on what area...life in general?
and I think there are 2 or 3 others are there not, 'Shady ol' boy???
it's kind of just warm and fuzzy...on the inside.
no, it would make you a more sexy looking 36,you go girl
Cuz we don't understand ourselves ;)
aight so theres a lot of sexy niggas at my scool.
do whatever she says.. love her ONLY..
^^^^^ everything that they said ^^^^^ plus you need to correct your spellings... its cyber and not ciber
(just tell him to stop acying like that around you)
what it * * * means????????????????
straight up and down, no curves, nothing.
My dad just got into it.
What if you were to catch a STD?
no looks they dont matter that much.
if he did not come up with a good awnser i would dump him!
It hurt like hell... and then you are incredibly disappointed b/c it sucked
Okay ... since you two are more like random stranger rather then friends .
just because you're in love, doesn't mean you're going to get married or even be together.
if u've ever been in love, you'll find out.
at least let her hear your voice when you do it.
Sometimes it's just easier for one girl to talk to another you know?
ive learned i dont like women bigger than me.
SOme things just wern't meant to be.
make him want ur booty but dnt give him any cuz ur to big for him.lol
just want to put my arms around one and hold my nose to her neck.
You're a young, married couple - it should be FUN!
its if u deeply care about that person adn would change the world for a smile across there face.
YES IT GET HARD... DAMM HARD BUT LIFE GOES ON.
Many years later it is still great and it just keeps getting better.
Somethings you dont repair, you just keep !servicing!
I don't really care for Angelina Jolie very much.
BECAUSE THEY CAN'T SLEEP BEFORE HAVING SEX..
Dont let anything screw ur relationship if u really love ur partner.
Ok, doc martens are not hot, but boots on a woman are very sexy.
THEY ARE ALL LIKE THAT , GET USE TO IT
My friend had this girl that tried to make it really obvious that she liked him.
well i think this guy is afraid getting himself in a commitment!
Dont be caught up in the drama
realize that its either you or the next guy to get the desired girl..  this worked for me.
r u looking for an asian girl?
AND MADE YOU LOSE A BABY?!?!?!?!?!?
Definitely not in english - you have serious problems with it!
thats quite a problem good luck w/ that
folk get all mad if a guy is 90% of what they wanted or if her hair is 2short.
From there you should be atble to tell if he right for you, or if he needs to go.
it really depends on what you think it is.
Are you flirty with other guys?
I have alot a guy friends.
well you could email me =) <3    tayreane43@yahoo.com
the sad part is that a lot of people skip the 4th step.
SEEMS KINDA STANGE THAT YOU WOULD SAY HIS NEW SECRETARY WAS CUTE!
2 kids later, I still got it and she doesnt.
THATS THE BEST THING YOU CAN DO
you don't deserve that, you should dump him and really try to forget about him.
depends do you also only look for the guys that are in really good shape?
No, it's normal...just don't go broadcasting it.
also be nice and respectful to her husband so he won't mind when you call.
REMEMBER THE GOOD.. LET GO OF THE BAD AND MOVE ON.
politely, with smile, and make them want to know more about u
If you are ready then you are ready to have sex!
the lack of intrest or you werent turned on
but if you he loves you, just tell him thats 20 more pounds to love?....
yeah ur total gay u aint straight
For women sex not usually that big deal.
watch football/baseball, go fishing/hunting, learn about cars, ect.
Oh yeah, I'm 31 and he's 47. :-|
sure u can...just choose the good one...
just go up to her and just open your mouth and just talk.
call her daily to say Hi.
well actually its called infatuation its very much like love!!
Wow you sound like me...we should chat!!!
So do looks REALLY matter in love?
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo!
Twice the women why wouldn't a guy like that?
r u stupid how are a load of strangers supposed 2 kno what kinda guys u date
but one thing that i personally do not like is being asked out over IM or text message.
so n the long run all that really matters is do u want a #1,2,or3  type of relationship?
I don't want anyone saying I ask for too much.
Women don't normally have a penis.
While others pretend to love you, but do not.
That's pretty tough but dont lose hope.
just take a deep breath and ask!
I myself have the same problem with gals.
I don't have one yet, & i'm 13
why would you want to, unless you want to keep your options open.
eyes, stomach, lips, butt and heels
women looking for men also if your looks hot then similare girl will show in your life...
besuase you will never know if you like guys if you dont.
you can not imagine your life without her/him< and suddenly you find her/him cheating you with someone else.
The fact that he said that he 'cared for you' and that 'it wasn't working'.
If cutting your penis doesn't help then cut your hands off
this guy is a sap and you will be too if you let him stick the blame on you!
She's just looking for stuff to bitch about.
webdate.com try there it is free
....either that or you might be looking for a new beau!
if he flirts a little too much
Some men are like that just like women.
like if she flirts with you.
get some counseling  You'll be ok.
Or a friend with a dad that may stare at u a little longer than normal?
He thinks I should be more compromising...but I'm just not comfortable with doing it at all.
So what if she doesnt like you anymore?
IF YOU HAVE TO ASK; YOU HAVE YOUR ANSWER
No, its not a bad thing.
well if you dont know then we can not tell you
If she is married, just be her friend.
Big burger and fries for a meal?
I really don't know what to do!
That would be like me asking, Why is it that no man can construct a sentence properly?
I wouldn't shave it all off, no.
Crushes are ppl who you think are hot.
im in a position like that.
always try to be less talkitive and be mysterious in front of men......
no that's psycho and controlling, does he have sex at work?
Hopefully guys will answer this one!
Don't hold it against me though!
i think thats great and i feel you should start over fresh
make him listen do whatever it take just nothing too drastic!
all guyz look at is yo ass and yo titties, they dont care bout nothing else....
then one day ask her out on your first date it will be more clearer.
Just lay it out for him.
Well it seems that your doing everything right so far.
tell him......that she has a boyfriend!!
if he loves you, he will wait.
I called my highschool boyfriend 26 yrs later.
So why u r scared with her.
Finally one day I saw him with another girl then I knew it wasnt me but him .
During my teenage times my family used to say i always ask for too much.
u did not mention ur mind size
be your self...put yourself out there
SOMETIMES YOU HAVE TO JUST LET GO!!!
U could be in love with the fact that u are indeed in love.
i have officially slept with 5 guys and 0 women in my life nad im 26
its like hes scared ....and thats it cuz of what happened be4....him cheating on me.
she means you remind her of her brother.So she means she doesn't wanna go out.!!!
He even muttered GOT YOU when he saw me one day and looked down shyly.
Yeah, one of my dads drinking buddies.
if u love him, why did you break up with him in the first place?!
but you have to be prepared for him to end it.
:) Good luck on your future.
How can I show him im not becuase ive told him 1000 times im not!
I spent last weekend there and it was like staying with my sister.
why would you like 3-some, when a  4-some is better, 3 girls and me, hahaha.
dont think about what you are gonna say and all of that stuff.
but don't write your name on it, let her guess.
I love humanity ... does that count?
^^^^^ omg u r all sluts and pervs ^^^^^^
Contact me through my web site for chat with a real British guy - I dare you :-)
look at it like this, most marriages dont last very long.
You don't have to be 'friends'.
is it true dat a person cud always find a person 4 him/her?
if so do you call that a friend.
not really as long as its conversational....and ur not being overly prying...
I thought it was a fling.
Your looking at the wrong thing here and its dangerous to do so like this.
he is a type of person that dont say  i love you  alot.
if it was a nice guys;the face
OMG she could get in trouble for that i would just move on.
They were friends before me and my husband even met.
(he only does them were alone)so im in the same position u are.plus im 16.
It always happens at about the 2.5 year mark and I really don't want that to happen with him.
Don't try to get a guy who is already taken!
A guy telling you you're not interesting, look the other way and run like hell honey!!!
And if he say's that B.S.
Why do men think it is o.k to be friends after they have f---up?
In that case, DROP THEM BOTH!
attitude is sexier, but money is tasty =)
of cors u can be friends with any guy u want to be friends with  
so dont worry, as the saying goes, times heals all wounds, we get our own chances for forgiveness.
My mom, dad, grandma, and grandpa dying.
take a seperation time and then get back together
r u smart?r u pretty looking??
8/10 guys and 7/10 girls will not date someone who smokes!
In your case, I'd castrate the SOB...
It doesn't really matter where you are, there are good looking people everywhere.
thats when i know im in love.
maybe if your G/f or Friend is a Transvestite they do but yea, no penis on women!
Well, tell her that you like her like that and see where it goes.
or annulment here in the philippines?
she needs you too even if shes married.
just walk up to him and start a conversation.
I love quikies, she used too, but I dont get um anymore.
that the way it is sorry ka na lang....
my daughter, I adore her and love her so much.
so it is special when he says it.
it is possible but my advice pick the 1 who luvs u back
Act like it's no big deal.
it actually depends on person to person.
i'll be back with more advices soon, i hope.
I don't think it is weird.
you cant go out hunting for love.
talk to her, but you have to be yourself.
My fiance has a little extra around the middle and I think it is sexy as hell.!!!
get to the root problem and quit beating around the bush.
boys only do that, I THINK.
So your best bet would be to move on with your life with out him...
you can't mess with free will.
They obviously aren't that great if they are cheating on you and not worth staying with.
Everyone gets horny no matter what age.
Do it because you are a GOOD person.
He was such a dork then.
It could be a big ego-booster!)
Well, think of it like this: sometimes, maybe he just wants to hang out with his friends.
I found my soon to be wife thru match.com.
u answered my question on y!
You should get a new friend or have it out with her tell her she's being a supper b.i.t.c.h!!
but  most of bf tends to  move ur head up and down, so its indirectly causes  headache
My first time, was with my pal when I was 15... blank stares.
you can ask his friends if he does and go from there
If you really hate it, just tell him so.
have him see another girl and see which one he picks
Are you ready to have kids???
then he won't take you serious.
theres never too much until you have a kid
y ?r u taking a census?well i am single.
WE MEN ARE NOT PERFECT,  WHO EVER THINKS THEY ARE, ARE FOOLING THEM SELVES.
It's too easy to get a divorce...
You got one Dad.... Boyfriends are like buses and come along every few minutes.
If that's not it...then never mind ;-)
SPEAK WRITE AND TALK INTELLEGENTLY SO YOU CAN JOIN THIER LEGUE.
you can't stop anyone from flirting.
please someone giv me some advise.
I want to taste your *u*
well, they only met with each other two days then fall in love with each other...
When she talks, it is nice to listen to.
Uhh...no...thats wrong...and all kinds of laws against it...umm...but I like thefriends with benefits style.
I find him attractive but for some reason I think he is way too blonde.
:) Just give it some time and things will be back to normal...trust me.
If you got it, would you share???
One minute shes all over me and the next she as cold as ice
When he stares at your breast alot.
(Or girls who really know their guy.)
exactly there isnt one certain way.
i have a bunch of them.
cuz it aint sumthin u play with, it aint a game.
a true friend doesn't go out with there friends ex's and they do not steal them ether!
AND I DONT MEAN TO BE RACIST EITHER.
The worst they could say is, I can't or no.
fill in the blank a movie,get an ice cream cone ect.
leave him and go out and find the love of your life
They tell all.. And chest too..
Someone has to break the ice....!
guy's if you didn't like your girlfriend would you spend 9 months with her?
shes chinese and black and has long hair and takes good pictures.
ya itll never turn around with that attitude... the key is being optimistic.
Needless to say she got what I was trying to tell her.
his a loser, find a real man, perhaps me santodomingo@yahoo.com
maybe at the age of 15...idk..hasn't happened 4 me yet.
ho said that guys dont say sorry its just that ur with one that doesnt bad luck
didnt ask this question before ?
yes if the sex was realyyyyyyyyyyyy that good
I love my ex, but she dumped me :(( How do I get her back??
u havent been looking n the right places
Anyone that doesn't see a great person behind something as trivial as braces probably isn't worth it.
i love tulips but every ones diffrent
he is broken ha ha hahhhh
However, I do not believe life will ever get to taht point.
they just don't c how good she is....eventually she will have a gorgeous smile....
And you asking what a D I C K look like?
Insert random xxx act here, great food, back & feet rubs, affection, ...
Smile Girl and Keep Your Head Up :)!!!!
most people equate seman as nasty.
but also if you have problems on your own solving it try getting some counseling.
Just find some girl you like build a foundation and ask her out.
and they know it in and out.
Tell him that you knew it was ending.
well that might be dangerous for you though...it depends what kind of divorce it is.
well I think jasons an idiot
get professional help especially if you are the father because you know that it isnt right
I'm a guy and I don't stay friends with my exes.
Cool chill its not the end of the world...
no your right if can f--- and not fight i'm all for it
Hey it happened in Parent Trap,so why not!?!
i dont know i would have to wait and see when it comes up
that is a sign of love, wanting that other person to be happy... no matter what,
no its not wrong---if he dont like her.
Think if she deserves you, and if you deserve her too!
YOu don't have to ask him if you can though.
they do not have any manner
Yep, i have been friends with this guy for about 5 years now.
i know how it feels it hurts bad real bad ani do want to die
will you know the guy an will it be a 1shot deal meaning you never see him again?
ask her what time it is.
If the girl is annoyed, it probably means she's not interested anymore.
Sex is just and only sex.
IF U HAVE ANY MORE QUESTIONS OR STATEMENTS EMAIL ME I WILL GET RIGHT BACK TO U.
I HAVE SLEEPT WITH QUITE A FEW WOMANS,BUT I CHOSE QUALITY  OVER QUANTITY.
And yes you can still care and respect her if you let her lead the way.
because that makes a big difference.
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO ... Run away with me and make your life a misery .... HEHEHE..LOL   Jus' Kiddin'ya Sweets...
she is also angry at me as i flirt around with other girls a lot in my school.
yea i'm all those you just mentioned and like mart guys.
Lonely Road By Kid Rock... Great Tune for a wedding.
To be honest most women like them pick up lines we say we dont but we do.
sound like he wants sex, if you dont love him dont give it to him.
And since he cheated then thats all they are.
i'm one hehehe... well are there any true honest men in this world?
Are you sure you are Just a Friend?....Doesn't sound right.
If so, How about a CD Burner?
i never knew u had friends and u shouldnt mess with me cus my uncles the president hahahaha bitch
YOU HAVE THE REST OF YOUR LIFE IN FRONT OF YOU DON'T SCREW IT.
you should lose weight and get really hot the dump him like the dog he is.
some women have longish breasts without volume, that's yuck.
There are lots of people who just needs that special something there so much, they create it for themselves.
try to talk to him alot and be nice
I believe you can ... its just happens ... but might not realise it but it certainly does!
and that no matter what discusting thing u do thell always love u back.
Make a CD of Love songs from you to her.....
Oh, boy, do I know where you're coming from!
keep trying only if youve stopped being a lying little shit.
it depends on if you are just friends at the momment.
no not at all picky, i do all that stuff to my girlfriend already, kinda out of habit
now she is not talking to me.
I think its stupid the 'good' thing to do in society now is to always stay friends...
Think about the family member that told you it won't last.
You can't find them 'cause your asking to manny stupid ?
Everytime i dont talk to my girlfriend she asks me if i'm mad at her.
just set him down and have a heart to heart.
If you really like her, just ask her out.
just tell him u need more time!
well why did you 2 break up in the first place could it happen again easily?
ITS JUST WHAT I SEE IN MY NEIGHBORGHOOD!
trust the old biddy on this one.
Try going on a vacation together just the two of you....Shake it up..Do something crazy together...
just tell them about each other and u decide which one is the best one 4 u
Usually it means 'I don't want to'
Again, DO NOT PUT UP WITH THIS.
Because you are a little shy you will and have to get over that later own in life.
you dont need to show it.
Don't just come right out and ask if she'll be your girlfriend though.
hope i helped u a widdle bit =]
I'm like 40 pounds over weight & I have my ups & downs, but over-all I've been pretty happy.
i would work harder on myself so can get what i want easier.
dont do it.......... u will regret it
Smells fishy don't do it or you will regret it.
when you see that special some body and you eart doe flip flops, thats when u know
besides basic training isn't that long.
You are a great loss to your ex gf!
And they loved my American accent!
we even lost a baby wich i was very happy .
pick who is best for you
men are just looking for a place to have sex,and wemon need a reason to have sex!
I can't say that I have.........and I wouldnt because of diseases out there.
Treat her like she isn't hot.
so, if you want to sleep with a married man that is your choice.
Stop dreaming abt pamela Anderson 5.
be honest, be brave, give it to them straight face to face...and move on.
I'm not one of those chicks who'd fight for their man...I dont wanna go as low as that!
the way he speaks ,voice, attidue ,the way he walks ,plus a nice innocent smile.
itz ok if ur careful and smart about it.
they love that person and think they can spend the rest of their life with that person.
i have a good man for 3 years.
so that is how i know.
no that is unless she is despprate but hopefully you dont like desprate girls
by letting her be her self and giving her room an space
DO BETTER GIVE YOUR CREDIT CARD DETAILS ALSO LOL
Tell him he can get some after you get yours.
no i wouldn't that would be wastin my time.
if they swear only occasionally and when the cause is just, i dont care.
Dress nice, clean yourself up a bit.
I know its pissess him off.
Contrary to what movies say, don't try to be her friend at first.
If he says no them just say ok i am going if you still want to go call me!
BUT...when my sister-in-laws husband's dad died they were all up in it.
Sparms are sneaky little guys, maybe he is hiding...
Give it time and u won't feel the same way about him
You know your man, follow your heart!!!
I want it and she doesnt.
Most men say they dont like something in a woman.
ok,if any of us had it and he had given it to us,why would we give it to you?
did he have 6 kids w/ 1 chick or numerous?
If it works or not is based on how much you both want it too.
maybe tell him he's too small?
oh yea how cute is he and y do u want 2 get rid of him
SORRY TO SAY, BUT YOU SHOULD HAD KNOWN ALL ABOUT YOUR BOY BEFORE YOU COMMITTED YOURSELF TO HIM.
Yeah   one of my brothers friend died hid hair wayyyyyyyyy to blond!
there is no color to the sky
He needs to speak about what if she does leave?
tell him to stop trying and to just get out of their hair.
I don't know!...I just want the points...lol
If you can't find a person sexually attractive unless they are good looking then they would matter to you.
but like the first guy said, you have to learn to like yourself first.
go up to him and get naked and kiss
be a man and go and talk to her, or you'll neva get her
everything different....but then again perfect isnt so great either ...not too much fun
believe it or not there are!!
I don't know, but I sure know who the love of my life is!!
If he wants you to go he'll ask you.
and now some of my friends are saying i am to old.
is that still the best bet when looking for flowers.
And I am married to him!
How old does he look to you?
was that you or him who wanted to break up?
he stood you up at the prom?!
If you'r bestfriend likes you and asks you out you should atcept!
what kinda site are we talkin about
B4 Anyone Else Can Beleive In You!!
Not 200lbs, because I'm already big as it is.
Kissing just leads to other stuff.
well if you now him start talking to him as a friend and maybe he'll start lyking you
It would be fun for you while looking.
I would want it to be another woman or anything that please ma man
ex DIL here, I call mine by her first name.
Fishy, sounds like she's looking for an out.
its okay if he is legally seperated...
If you get my drift...... lingerie....candles.....massage......
Oh how those messages set her heart afire!
It is as I said, up to the couple!
So go ahead and bang him.
Don't try telling her where she's wrong.
that is very inhumane quit that relationship
Hey friend...  Do you really like this girl?
Ahhhh shit who am i kidding its about it all
so just look for guy that are nice not as sholes
b yourself if he is the one he will be happy
Be busy loving yourself and the right person will run over you in a big red truck- mine did!
Even though fluteboy is really annoying.
maybe if ya gave more details or something but good luck
or u can find another friend of his, and see if they know anything.
she will also be there for you.
There are soo many diseases out there these days and you don't wanna get them.
You are special just the way you are!
3) Neither of you is a Mind reader.
i wish i could do what im advising you to do... dont end up like me good luck
stand out dont be shy be yourself be fun to be around but dont get annoying
But doesnt his family and friends count too?
1) if there is a problem we talk first!
A lot of girls your age think they are fat but really are not.
So why even go for it just because of his looks!
its her way of telling you she don't love you anymore.
try the college where he went, most the time u can recah them that way.
Sex is a VERY intimate thing and should be shared w/ the one you love and will marry.
Both say they love me so much.
One of my friends likes a guy that is cute to her but he is just gross to me.
ive known her for 5 years.
plus, we kick our underwear up in the air to see if we can catch them, ???
Also their butts........hey at least I am honest, I love a good butt!
you just know... you'll feel so great about everything in your life.
very much so....the #1 thing I look for a guys is future.
study, and not get into fights with my sister
yeah but I think its really hard
I would , wait I have .
If that doesn't work, his useless...DUMP HIM.
Someone who wants to be their friend and not just their lover!
9 out of 10, he thinks your hot!
how do u think i should dress.
That guy will never respect you again if you drag it too long.
how r u devoted to love yet u cheat?
you cant make it grow.... That's a turn off!!!
I would not be with a fat girl.
Just watch When Harry Met Sally!
maybe you need to find a new man?
there is no way you can do that without hurting her or him.
If he is just a friend, then why does it matter if you go with another guy?
just go on my dear,dont be afraid,all fair in love...your in love so come what may......
Ask him if shucks is a good thing.
like wat do you do or like you know
i dont know.. i have the same problem.. though hes not my best friend, just a friend.. but still..
if we can't then it's time to break it off.
I HAD SAME PROBLEM...A GREAT WEBSITE HELPED ME THROUGH MY MARRIAGE PROBLEMS.
i mean shes not all that ugly.
Accept him if you too like him in that way.
Having bigger breasts might be cool for the boys but what if you don't like it.
yes you can and 10:00pm but 11:00pm on the weekends
even if u love him, hes not worth it
he's just a guy--smoeone who supposedly evolved from apes!
I am single but some people said they thought I am married.
because they're in love and they don't want 2 spend the rest of their life alone!
This guy must be some kind of freak.
he is great to me and why kids, and i love him.
fat  so she stays with you
Just have to add my NO also
HELL YEAH whats your F***ing problem
O-K THAT'S ALL I HAVE TO SAY.
i have lots of guy friends and they want me to go and **** them.should i or not
and now he likes me...should i go back out w/ him?
because maybe u have changed for the better?
My family says that if he really cared about me then he would be with me.
he has gone to counseling, but she refuses to.
Why would you settle for a man who hits you?!
If she try to control you... this it's not the godly way I'm affraid...
And make sure u tell him that you like him and care for him and what he thinks.
just tell her how you feel.
your parents dont have to like your bf, you do.
well as far as myself im not attracted to a female that weighs more than me.
she wants you to be friends and not more!
trust me, take it easy on him.
the bible says the tongue is uncontrollable
You might want to start by showing some friggin respect and NOT posting her full name on the internet!!
If ur asking, ur probably gay.
Well, if one is just visting, then you don't see him very often.
make it short but do keep in contact with her.
it just means you have moved on to accept that she is with another guy.
tell him that you like his game and just admire his game play .
i say with friends like that who needs enemies.
(i prefer the liquid with royal jelly)
I really like them both but i really don't know what to do.
maybe he feels there is something special with this girl plus do you really want her left overs?
TIME IS THE BEST ANSWER FOR EVERYTHING...
You are crazy that is nothing but shawdows noten but shawdos
If she doesn't believe he doesn't like her then ask him together.
she will do anything for him.
If you put this person first.
It really shouldn't matter what a girl looks like, it's whats inside that really counts !!
I had the best time EVER.
I WANT THE EXACT SAME KIND OF GUY!
Drop her as a friend, not cool at all.
I said OK - that's cool.
Of course I was flattered and happy!
We don't care about a few extra pounds especially in the butt.
i like about a 36 C but they have to be real.
I, for one, am not infatuated with gay guys.
Isn't that what webcams are for?
Wouldn't both of you own it?
i hardly everrr see him in school either usually i see hima t my brothers basketball games .
I luv to sing and have a free personality!
Why do you like thick chix and whats the difference if any being with one physically?
I would said my boyfriend how much I love him and I would save my sister....
aren't being honest with themselves - or you.
you are in 6th grade dont worry about it to much.
honey u said it, they,re men!
call the college, or if u can, go there.
his arms if there strong u know his not a lazy a guy
Keep your eyes open for wierd Sh_t!
We don't always think about sex.
(plus there is financial benefits to it)
then tell him that the relationship might not last long.
Come on, he was your BEST FRIEND!!!
looks and then the personality matters
I swear Im a sex addict and she isnt.
HEY I USED THAT LINE WHEN I WANTED TO DITCH THE GUY!!
yeah it's ok to have a guy as a friend.
Some white girls dont date black guys, some do.
yeah if you do it that way
you should be shopping or hanging out with your friends, not having sex with them.
let him you are not .why u think that
Mom and Dad just seems to personal to me.
AND TRY NOT TO BE SHY AND DONT FREAK OUT IF HE TURNS YOU DOWN!
But hearing a person swear all the time is not cool.
I'm so sorry I hurt you...
:-)  Seriously, learn to like yourself first.
i like my girl tobe girly but not shy so i can talk with her
But it is very important no matter what cruise line you choose to tell them you are celebrating.
You definately don't have to please his every whim to have a happy married life!
nice face he, can lose weight right?
it is not that men like more sex then women.
he thinks i need to lose 20 pounds for us to have a happy married life
#3 when u fall n love u love the idea of just being around.
he dont want to get hurt what should i do to get him to trust me
well not all boys are that way.
And we go back to the golden rule Treat others like you wanna be treated.
Like, give hints here and there.
totaly boxers tighty whites are so groose
hI MY NAME IS CAYLA $i'm 10,11
was your bestfriend pregnant when you started dating this guy.
drink a lot of red bull watch porn
No-one wants to be the bad guy.
But  just dont know  what to do?
So I will get the money & run back to him ....
Don't hang on to a relationship if you know it's not gonna work out.
Well this is me but, I would rather you ask me what I want.
i have a girl friend that i've spent every second with that i can since i've been back.
(i mean his personality, not whats underneath his pants) lol
personaly i go by there personality.
Sorry Sweetie, but no woman (or man for that matter) is perfect.
ask what are some of her fantansies.
If he really loved you, why would your weight matter?
I really didnt get this part YEAH R nay?
one day she'll remove that...sooo...if you really like her...go for ....
i could be that or maybe he dont know what he wants as yet
you already made your decision....it's over.
I bet she's gay happy too.
go for her screw the friend
I tell him no one is ever ready.
So far, so good (he's not psycho!)...
you lie you dont have no bones in it
3 is avoiding the thought of anything, and just not caring.
But there's no way to take it back.
i think the 2nd answer is realy best you tell him what your heart think about him
Not hate ... Just afraid !!
when i get mad i say such awful things.
TEN (on a scale of 1 to 10 of course)hope this helps
You wouldn't like it if it was the other way around, right?
THERE WILL ALWAYS BE SOMEONE ELSE BETTER LATER IN LIFE!
But, whatever you do, don't let her get away.
Because once its done its done.
twice the nudeness, fun, enjoyment, and sex.
I'm not married, but I dont think i would call my MIL mom just because she isnt my mom.
you love your girlfriend/ boyfriend so much.
rain boots, gutter boots, hooker boots, steal toed boots & snow boots.
support him on what ever he wants to do with his life
IF A MAN MAKES A INNOCENT OR STUPID MISTAKE,  WHY  DO  THEY BECOME   DAMADGE GOODS.
anytime you can get a cute girl go for it
I like them to take total control in the bedroom
but, I still want lovin, day and night.
I am scared of it, love it, and hate it all in one psycho mess of emotions =^)
I don't like asking anybody for anything just for that reason.
A man wants what interests him.
dont think of the consequence .
but if they seem like a total mismatch, tell him not to worry, it will soon pass.
That's like asking why do women hang around their girlfriends.
well, if you'd apologize for the nth time already, don't you think that's enough proof that you're sincere.
They're full of sluts over there!
Depends...are you a guy or a girl?
really terrible like i would want to die.
Your lucky, youve got something a lot of girls are really looking for, keep him !
dont think your in love, unless its with me, hit me up via messenger let chat santodomingo@yahoo.com
Court her again.. send her flowers!!
if you're not funny then i suggest you deploy plastic surgery
Most importantly, don't say them again.....ever
well that just means that you are really close in her eyes but don't fuk it up
And want to hear 4rom U!
(smile) oh.. and congratulations to you both.
Then you can talk a lot.
(pause for some seconds) -a stupid question about something you both like.
she is not in my school also
I didn't read your other question but talking is a good thing.
I just ain't gonna be in a relationship with one.
but then of course you have golddiggers :-p
i dont REALLY KNOW OH CRAP MY COMPUTER JUST WENT INTO CAPSLock oh, thats better.
I NEVER STAY FRIENDS WITH MY EX!
someone who cant type to save his life.
they don't feed it excess fuel or pour gas on it.
Unless they are witch-pointed toe low rise boots, I say it's very sexy.
I think she would like flowers, dinner, and chocolate!
When the boys belly up to the booby bar I always say a-cups for me please
you're toooooooooooooooooooo young.What if you became a dad ?
Do I accept them back & take someone else.
A good love maker pays attention to what you like...
I hate it when people cuss.
well, at least be friends with the guy.
have you ever gave him a reason not to trust you?
Just punch her in the eye
maybe because panties cover two cheeks!
I personally don't think that ALL black men behave that way!!!
If she dumped you it's not worth it.
He loves me when I do bad and when I do good.
I know it would me for sure!
afterall, you guys are best of friends.
ANYONE CAN LOOK AT A PERSON AND TELL IF THEY LOVE THEIR SIGNIFICANT OTHER
i want to know if he really going to change
Find another girl, they are a dime a dozen these days!
ok depends do u know the guy??
It's only wrong to do it...
or he will find someone to fill his.
IT'S LIKE I HAVE A BRICK WALL IN FRONT OF MY HEART.
roses ,you can't go wrong with roses
they look at camels all day, that makes em horny
if not, then maybe he is just insecure about himself.
one thing i know is that if this guy really loves you, he is going to forgive you.
His visits to bars are FUN, drinking is FUN< all the loveyou can give him is still not FUN!!!
you are his best friend you must know a lot about get together and do something you both like
and the more i learn out about men, the more i like dogs!
Just think of what your doing and not about you
you should take into consideration how many babies mommas are out there.
The women in my family tend to do that)
EDIT: Petfauna - my middle name is exxxperiment!
it sounds like your husband is really a trustworthy guy since you guys talked about this.
Well, first you get real close to a person you like.
always asking question u discribe ur mental level .
I like my men to be sexy and funny and not a sex addict
(They only want one thing) Am I too picky?
That sounds a lot like ME.
Or am I just rushing things.
why does he run back to her when he likes me also?
), before making a big move like this (leaving job, family, etc.)
IT REALLY DEPENDS ON THA GUY.
guys like girl with character.. i prefer girl who have their own character and not mimic some idol star...
if you snapped this time whos to say you wont snap again?
i find it really childish but the problem is i really really love him soo much.
so they go out for a while.
I'M MARRIED TO AND ME AND MY WIFE DOES IT 4 TIMES A WEEK, AND WE HAVE A CHILD.
yeah, it can happen, trust me!
give him arsenic  he he he , just kidding
ANd then he thinks i am faking it.
But you're young, and you might do foolish things.
im sorry because it sounds like you've had a rough time!
No I have to have a girl lighter than me
do you flirt with people you don't like?
She does mind about the age difference or maybe the parent does.
He could be cheating and think you would do likewise??
It seems men are pretty much ready anytime.
It's not about cocks, and ass, and tits and butthole pleasures.
What really angers me is that my dad remained friends with the guy!
oral and  anal sex do that
the same reason man want to in up in own panties
When your in a relatonship there HAS TO BE TRUST.
and you want us to tell you is ok to have sex with him.
no, wait till your 18 at least, then persue the relationship.
cos then may be he is not the right man for you.
Just give him anything you like *by your heart*!
I would like a good list of wedding SONGS.
share your lust with everybody u meet !
Figure it out and then go to a website with those kinds of products.
it really dnt matter to me it is the person not the looks
School life 15 n 15 years old
read a book or 2 on relationships.
4 is even though it's not easy forgiveness and closure.
Why do you always do such stupid things?
the only hard thing is findin your one.
if u truely love him then hes all urs
Girls love to be told they are pretty by a complete stranger, it gives them a confidence boost!!
you need a man who can satsify you
Go up to him and tell hi how u feel.
this depends on the type of guy you want to attract.
After 6 years, She became very irritated person, especially when her sister got married to money barrel guy.
BTW> Went through a similar situation and got other piercings ... (THE GIRLS ;)  lol)
change your phone number and DONT give him any more info...thats creepy
Me, I'm a virgin and will be until I marry that girl.
and by the way just tell him whats the worst that could happen.
Have him not try so hard.
so, end it with a BANG!
THEY LIE AND THEY ONLY WANT ONE THING AND I KNOW THAT U KNOW WHAT IT IS!
TALK TO AN OLDER RELATIVE BROTHER, SISTER, AUNT, UNCLE SOMEONE.
(if you guys have kids, could you call her what they do?
I must love myself and not let anyone else shake that!
have you ever seen little green sparkles in his eyes at night?
Depend on which one puts you in more trouble
tell them how beautiful they r :)
i dont know why she cant get a bf.
One of my good friends once dated an alien.
i hope u find ur special someone!
bigger is better, as long as they are real.....no such thing as too big!
but only if your willing to work on it.
So putting things such as don't want a relationship will some how make them more appealling.
So smile you guys are GREAT just don't believe most of what we say.
I do flirt with this girl because shes hot but its boring for me to talk to her.
Get it on with her friends.
But if you really love her, keep trying.
12...are you average, over, or under?
because you won't be all nervous or upset about it before it even began!
has he cheated on you why dont you trust him?
if u r in love then u cant think about anything else, apart from that lucky man
Then you need a new man!
Don't have sex cause you see all this stuff on TV with half naked women.
Now u know how most men feel.
then make him wait awhile before you give him another dose of that
I think it's the other way around....
I want to be one of those old couples still ass grabbin.
Because i have that same problem.
From those of us who know better... DO NOT DO IT!
be honest do you like her to sit there and say nothing at all.
do not make a big deal out of it
IF YOU LOVE SOMEONE CAN YOU CHEAT AND STILL LOVE THE PERSON YOUR WITH?
i had mine at 13, although it was just a hush hush relationship.
Maybe he feels he won't be a good dad?
Yeah, just like Tommy probably told Pam that no one would see the tape either, hahahaha
Of course it not wrong  !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
If you like him and have an attraction then don't throw in the towel just yet.
for example; you dont like flies, right?
Just enjoy the fact that you have a guy that everybody wants to flirt with
0 - it is not a question.
i know i am to old to fall for dares but i did.
I personally do not think it is bad I enjoy it too much .
good and  and it will be better if your parntener enjoys it too
actually the way they smell in the morning.
i want to marry this guy and move in with him.
wait a while tell him again if he doesn't say i love you back break up wit him
has too much time gone by?
go to a t-shirt printing shop and have a t-shirt made that just says single.
GOOD LUCK WITH YOUR NEW RELATIONSHIP!!
Plus her dad will kill you!
It's like saying that all men are the same, and I know for a fact that they aren't.
Believe me... i know this works!!
One of my best friends and oldest friend is a guy.
If he can't trust you then he isn't worth it, No offense.
if she flirts or hits you alot
u feel safe n knowing that theyll b there always.
Oh, ant the ass of course, but I look at it after I've checked the eyes.
THERE ARE MANy FISH IN THE SEA...  take your time and go fishing..... sweetbabyray2002
something just ain't right about that whole thing to me.
would you want it to be another man or another woman
!.....has Rkelly taught us nothing....my lord
OH, THERE'S NOTHING WRONG WITH GOSPLE                                      *THANKS*
just looking for that speical someone
^^^...and the man is the usually doing the work!
hIS ACTIONS SAY HE LOVES HER.
they always fight but then when they break up he runs back to her.
i'd introduce him to other girls.
I need tips on this I dream abot this guy 4 time when i go to sleep Help ME!
get over it theres nothing more a guy hates than a clingy stalker
Do NOTHING....sure that would surprise her.
Love is all you need...at the end!
I guess it's hard to pinpoint the real reason, huh?
You're like the crazy guy in Murder She Wrote.
if she doesnt want u dont have to worry u just pray to god for her good things .
do it 100 times to get best result.
ignor his feelings and dedicate your self to your boy friend, you no bit**.
The way they walk  The way they love
and we should treat our loved ones the same way.
none i prefer them in a good shape and nice looking guy
Um...okay, I HATE online relationships, just to let you know.
If he's still cool tell him in 10th grade.
Oh i did i mention Money
but is thats only because Im not getting as much as I want?
annulment now is quite easy in phil 3-5 years siguro
just be who you are, as long as you promote love, not sex or hatred!
Im not going to make it sound like she is a mean gf.
let her feel that you love her and you shair your life with her.
my mom, friends , my boyfriend and his kids and a bottle of kessler or 2 or3!!!
AH AH .JUST LIKE GETTING MY FREAK ON .THAT HOT
imagine a girl you love who is xx years old.
Maybe do some of her laundry.
Sometimes girls don't like to unload stuff on guys.
DON'T EVER CHANGE YOURSELF FOR ANY MAN.
Most popular guy in grade 6, huh?
No, I call my mother-in law by her first name at times,but mostly a f'n btch
If thats what will make you happy go 4 it!
she always says, she forgives but never forgets.
At last , cut ur hands or penis
(in time, you probably will become friends again)
I met a Frank on hotornot...wonder if it's him...lol  Hope Denise isn't his wife!
THINK ABOUT ALL THE STD'S AND WHAT IF YOU GET PREGNANT.
EITHER YOU TRUST HIM OR YOU DONT.
I do call my father-in-law Dad.
be thier friend first worry abought the rest later
Who do want more ur friend or a boy?
Try waiting until you are in love with someone.
wait for him to ask u to move in with him
Like maybe cheating on you was a mistake and she knows she was wrong.
wouldnt we all like to know that
if i was a dude i wouldn't.
Don't mess things up with this great guy.
After school kick it with your visiting friend.
there is this guy i really like!!!!
you are thinking about having sex with your bf.
Heck, I still remember my first crush... my third-grade teacher!
All I know is I'm driving myself crazy thinking about him and how much I miss him?
my family, friends, and a naked rose mcgowan.
hmmm, thats not always true !
They can't be that old so it shouldn't be hard.
Sounds fun but not enough to die from!
PRAY YOUR HARDEST AND WALK AWAY.
probably half of what you had when youre 22.
but you have to keep up the maintenance or it'll itch like hell
can please explain more so we can help?
Most of my friends have way different tastes in guys.
I am that same kind of guy.
Then a few years later, I had an orgasm & understood!!
but anyway, men can be sexy in anyway.
well u write in letter email go to visit or call every day
i am not much of a swinger.
Like the word slacks....wonder if a guy can wear a just a slack?
5 i got my first boyfriend.
if god made anything better he kept it?
there are always good men out there, it's just finding them.
i told a friend that i liked her but she did not feel the same.
in my experience, its ten times more sexy, especially for women to shave.
my boyfriend cooks for me all the time.
dump her and go on with your life.
so, don't worry bout the mood swings its ok.
As for the thirteen year old baby that you are in love with FORGET IT!
No one likes ex's being around.
if you ignore it something is gonna give.
But, i'm a also a total butt man.
sometimes it works but the ends matters alot
If you know she's a great person don't care about what anyone else thinks, be a true friend.
that of a woman is probably far more dangerous
you lied to her man.. she's probably gone for good
It is a matter of age...they guys you know are in there sexual peak years...apparently you are a teen-20something.
Looks like the both of you have been married for the last 5 years.
I just want my wife to want it as bad as I do.
you may not be mr perfect but you expect perfect woman?
sounds like youre cheating on her.
But before that I had alot of dates and fun before I found her.
dont know .. i like2 girls kissing and eating lips of each other .. it turns me on
no, you can lust in a week though
MAYBE YOU LIKES FLIRTING WITH AND IF SHE CONTINUES, TRY HER.
And dont ask yes or no questions.
FROM MY EXPIREANCE HE LIKES U ALOT
:) sex has no step, buddy.
Oh yeah, and the final reason...God said so!
Just be careful with that one, ok baby?
I've already liked guys like that... never the opposite...
and that is ur actual MOM.
or did that come after you was married.
trust me he'll/she'll definately remember that!
So i got into bodybuilding and started eating more.
I loved him and he loved me.
my almost 13 year old spends alot of time at neopets.com
we both made eachother mad and last night we talked about it and resolved pretty much everything.
GET AN EDUCATION BEFORE YOU WORRY ABOUT ANY ******.
HA HA HA..WHAT A QUESTION..BUT WE SHOULD THINK..Y
So he'll be dumping her soon.
Men don't picture romance like we do.
There are a lot of nice guys out there.
show him that you are the dream girl for him!
If its a teenager he would think oh man im so going to nail that.
I don't think it's a bad thing to want to move on.
It depends where she got married.
please do not try to impress a guy.
all women are just interested in sex.
shes my bestfriend so help me out
and how old were you when you got your first kiss.give details
But to see nice eyes & a good looking smile also makes them much more attractive!
the eyes are a lot of it for me, too.
go to white pages.com.......they can look up anything......or you could call 411!!!
I'm not always horny and I'm a cool guy.
listen to her, and then respond intelligently...  beware...it is difficult
you use like messenger to have sex over the net
Get over him... he's not WORTH YOUR TIME.
Those are oreos and it's DOUBLE STUFF.
(haha)  You guys ALWAYS understand us!!
I don't think MOST women cry, but some do.
Don't end up a statistic because you got pregnant or ended up with some S.T.D.
#1 when u 1st meet some1 ur not attracted 2 their intelect.
They never get close to me, and I never want to go see what it is.
and a great find for a future wife!
He said, I can't believe I wasted so much time on other girls...
I mean I cant imagine someone that big ramming into me!!
And i never told any one.....
She said When I want to have sex, I'll let you know.
Just remember one thing, love conquers all.
nothing is ever definite in a relationship, but if u feel that special something, then its worth investigating, right?
to you- green to us- blue
assorted, with lots of bright colors
Don't take a chance on your life like that.
he dribbles... he shoots... he scores... 2 points...
Again don't look for one, and the right girl will come.
no offence or anything ... it's ur friend thats crappy ... ur just u  ur the good friend
Im only 19 and shes 24, we hang out often when im with her lil' brother.
I can't wait until school starts back up.
That was the #1 thing I remember.
Is it a mature guy, he would think its cool and proud of you.
I know i love her, Any advice?
Don't be hard on yourself, there's lots of time to get serious later
We chatted for a bit and I left.
because you doing sex with mans
its either their looks,social standing,money,stuff like that.
Every one is so busy with their own lives, they don't sit around and gossip etc.
sex sex sex and ice cream
and at home with their wives i guess....
i thank you for that even thought i really deserve it
You've got to COMMUNICATE & TRUST one another & not back out when the tough gets going.
and wen u wake up in the morning to please that person.
Becoming a parent is a HUGE step - I should know...I already am a mom.
Do you honestly think guys just want to watch tv with you or just talk??
Hmmm it is defintitely NOT just men..trust me I know something about this LOL
move on, start giving all that sex to someone who wants it
however, dont disrespect your parents you dont wanna get kicked out or nothing.
This boy is like the one im really into and he so cute.
if you want to take a chance in messing with that, again, its your decision.
do talk to him n see how he reacts before makin a final decision
girl's can't be gay they can be lesbians.
Because woman think everything is gross.
Anyway...  A perfect person does NOT exist.
or is the girl gonna think I havee feelings for her?
I am, but I don't think it gets me anywhere,lol.
Don't forget good ol' mind over matter.
U will have ur ups and downs in a relationship.
not boot boots but it is high heel boots and a skirt thats sweet
Show up naked, bring beer, don't block the TV.
I waited until I was 28 and it was on my wedding night!
when you stop doing thing together.
u prooved to me that u r egoistic by asking this question
Don't worry , life or God usualy choose the right thing .
So if you're a guy, then pick a girl between 32 and 39 years old.
some just want it and some try to understand but are unsuccessful.
Well ask a girl out that you like and see what she says.
im bi and im married to a guy.
You sound like a nice person who deserves someone nicer than this guy!!!!!
you shouldn't even be thinking about that at 15.
Stop dreaming abt ur naked GF 6.
He'll get over it (it sounds like he already is), and by all means do NOT do that again.
look up on the internet about penis exercises.
Do you really want a guy that wants a crutch no matter what?
(age matters if he is older than 18 and your not, then it really matters.)
I you just be yourself then you will naturally attract the one that is right for you.
If he thinks she's better for him, okay...That means he wasn't good enough for me!
but ive been with a thick woman b4 out of curiousity.
Don't worry, most of the time Mr.
i like to feel not see!!
Do whatever you want 2 & b happy & make other people happy 2.
having sex with my girlfriend without using rubber!
cuz he thinks he doesnt have too :-/
Is it because you don't want it to end up in the wrong hands?
a... Hi how r u ?
yea.. though there is a person behind it all
i am not looking for guy i dont even know sweety you sound just plain Desperate!
some guys love oral, some would rather give it.
unless... he's already committed to someone else!
Im pretty sure he will tell you exactly what he wants.
don't act all needy about it
Looks + no personality = boring
depending where he is looking at.. you know.. ..
Or something you know he needs or for personal care (watch, wallet, belt...).
when it interferes with watching sports
And dont abondon him as a whole...just be there I guess.
But then I think - don't I deserve to love someone that much too?
ummmmmm only men are suppose to be like that?
:o) And if he really does love you, Keep Him
sent her things like candy, flower.
you can not make anybody love u
You never want to be that person saying, I wonder what would have happened if i dated...?
I know it sounds cheesy buy eyes, they can tell alot about a person.
hes not like a typical obnoxious jock.
easy, at that age, us guys have all our hormones all over the plase.
im sure it would be fine but be safe about it
Sounds like they wont last long.
Plus it is freaky and men like freaky stuff!
IF YOU KNW DAT UR HUSBAND IS A BORN CHEATER DEN CALL ON ALL D NUMBERS.
I am a guy and I respect honestly.
well, were in the world could your sparm go?
which would you rather have tongue or dick?
then, you have an open invitation to start small talk.
Just a man that knows what he is doing!
HELL no....if he can not take your word for it or just wait until you meet....to hell with him.
Age difference 16 years apart but definately she's the one!
if you have to question your self you are probably gay bra.
listen to your heart forget what people might think or say it's your life you live it
IF YOU HAVE TO ASK ,THERE IS A PROBLEM
if he does'nt have someone special in his life and you don't either then what is the problem?
if you are parting well and you wont regret it, then sure.
you did the right thing, i would have probley told her to never come back
Funny to me how many girls ask that question on here, but don't ask what's in it for me?
I reply and we go on!
thats pretty stupid for someone not to like someone else because of braces!!!
if u want to enjoy life , avoid girls
Thats why its important to be married first!
If you answer YES on the 1st question then I guess all you have to do is start courting...
besides, if he's willing to return the favor, you're lucky!
Only thing is that I tell her before anyone else.
my boyfriend have a really bad temper , he has beaten me up a few times for nothing .
you ever have a mouth full of hair?
tell him straight on the face.
How do I get her to come back.
all men are just interested in sex.
brains, boobs, butts, blue eyes, what?
love and companionship and sometime money
because looks can be deceving .
oh yea, guys who say it don't have little ones
Right now these 16,17...yr. old boys aren't interested in that kind of thing.
He starts to say ohh did a guy send u a message and bla blah.
the guy starts to infatuate about her.
(again it could be because of past happens with the girl?)
Keep up what youre doing but dont broadcast it
ha ha sounds like he is!
yes, all men can cook, but will they cook for you????
YOU JUST CAN'T STOP THINKING ABOUT THE PERSON.
He has a shop in Texas...and he is good!
if you have a fly hanging around you all the time, you want to kill it, fast!
or when she does go she doesnt say much.
see i am under cantrol of my self.
When you flirt with him does he flirt back?
Start with a pet (if you don't have one).
but when i meet a hot guy i want to date them.
i really miss my 1st gf.
-O- MENS,  IT WILL STAY THAT WAY TILL I DIE AND  AFTER THAT.
But i'd like to beleive that.
My mom, My middle name, and my friend (but she spells it Deniz)
Just flirt with them or ask for help on homework or something.
as long as your not under age then it is good older guys make better lovers
I think not knowing is worse
flowers candy and a soft kiss on th forhead
well first of all, u can't show him, but you can tell him.
You need to make friends with girls not boys.
Just ask her to bend over and kiss her butt.
maybey he is crazy mad retarted?
I luv to look great each day!
he is in thatre with me i have had crushes before but never like this he is not gay!!!!
Either way it's gonna hurt you and the family.
After they watched it, she found it so sexy that they now regularly make tapes!
hope this has helped you with your answer
right me back on my question how do u get a date when nobody likes u?
Try that and that way you wont have to fake it.
my boyfreind trys really hard some times but some times nothing happens, what should i do?
when your girl is so loose that its like sticking your thing in a hoola hoop
I'm 59 and I go about once a week now so go from there.
He might like u so he's just staring.
If she doesnt think you are a good match, figure out why.
He also shows me he loves me in other ways.......you deserve that.
Have sex with him and test him out......If he cums fast.......he may love you too.
if he is cheating on you, you should find someone else
You don't find love it finds you!!
i am talking abt best freinds not abt married couples.
HAVEN'T TRIED IT...DON'T KNOW IF I WOULD..I'M SATISFIED WITH MY HUBBY
u better b careful if ur really 10.  and if ur not then yea..... lets c stupidgirl0413@yahoo
if you love her send her red roses
That's pretty mature on your part.
is that not normal as im a girl then.
(secrect: to marry, u need not a strong body, u need a strong p.n.s)
retype this question so all migh know what you are asking ok. boy.
STOP AND PRAY IN THE MIST OF YOUR FINDING BECAUSE ONLY GOD CAN KEEP YOU FROM KILLING THEM.
You only go around once in this life and you have to take your best shot.
its perfectly ok of wanting to date a married man, you just make sure you dont get caught.
try to talk to him after his basketball game .
need a ride, borrow a few dollars, etc.).
Babygirl, you need to bag that trash up, tie it and kick it to the CURB!!!!!!!!!!
It's not like she's a stripper.
If the girl gives attention and importance to her man!
you can run from that alot of men do.
no, she just don't see you like that and she would rather be just friends
been there done that pretty fun
i belive there is some out there  for everyone maby youll get that spiecal someone soon
That way they don't see you coming and run away.
think it over hard an then have fun
it depends on your personality and what kind of boys you like!
i would, cause a best friend knows you better than a regular guy and he'll understand you better.
if you get enough in your system you will be screwing like rabits.
My ex boyfriend and the father of my baby.
no date yet but afraid to make bolder move......any suggestions.
lol I agree with you there Riff.
During the week, 10 PM if homework is done, 11 PM on weekends
i would tell you, but then i would feel bad cause i told her i wouldn't tell
You like the same guy that your friend likes so flirting with him would be wrong.
At this point there should be absolutely no question as to where both of you are coming from!
Should I give up or keep trying?
mabey u will try this forget about geting married  it will happen when u leat expect it
hes not very mature,  you know that already probably.
Don't fret or plan on what to do during sex!
i think yes bec he seemd like your father or something  ppl will talk about u
sorry but im a guy and my wife ask's that same ?
U said u broke up with ur bf yesterday.
if it feels good why stop?
ONLY IF SHE'S GONNA BE THE 1 YOU REALLY WANNA SPEND YOUR LIFE WITH DUDE,AIDS AIN'T KEWL
ask him if he fell way as you do if he does't some other guy would find you.
I say go with your heart and you wont go wrong.
Have you asked him what he wants?
no girls rnt interested in ugly brittish people.....
DONT WORRY IM THE ONE WITH THE PIC EVERYONE, THE OTHER IS A POSER!
kick the devil out of the garden of eden
if you care for him then you will wait for his return
GOOD TO SEE PUMPING IRON HASNT KEPT YOU FROM LEARNING THE BASICS IN LIFE.
whatever u decide be careful and good luck
Wow That is alot of baggage.
Make sex fun, and even funny at times.
I use to think so but guys usely want one thing and one thing only.
you sound young, so i say dont have sex yet.
it depends on where u go to school and live.
once a week is once too many for me
tell me the fantasies... she is the sexiest thing in the world
B) Send them right back at him!
So it matters more about the two people then it does anyone else.
I MYSELF WOULD SAY THAT THEY PLAY TOO DAMN MUCH.
I don't like it when they are so big that they take on a life of their own.
i've already done small things, flirting, dropping off cookies, Hugs & kisses.
and if long why did you break up with him.
I saw you and came down for you with great love!
Im not really sure why im answering your post... LOL  Well hope this teeny weeny info help
you've spelled your name wrong  it's anonymous
AND BY THE WAY I AM JUST A VERY GOOD ADVICE GIVER BUT I AM ONLY 14.
i dont think so atleat, not on my own pleasure !
The question is do YOU like HIM?
Especially when you're the one getting fucked.
who knows only you can tell .... you look gay thogh
my best freind was having a baby and she said it was my boyfreind's baby.
dont ask her in a weird freakish way.
i know he isnt happy, and i dont know how to help him.
Well I'm a snap dragon kinda girl..
If you want a definite answer any sooner...
I'M NOT ACCUSING YOU OF ANYTHING BUT I'M SORRY BUT SOME PEOPLE LOOK AT THE STERIOTYPES.
man you need to learn how to ask questions right .19. is hardly a boy.
Good Luck and let me know how it goes!
Both of you would have to comfortable with it or it wouldn't work.
and you guys will trust each other more and talk about everything more openly.
the decent guys look for personality.
having sex without a rubber stupid me
i have been there, homeschool takes away all social life!
what's the #1 thing u look 4 in a guy?
On the other hand you don't want to be that person saying,Why in the world did I date...?
your dress should be according to where your going and what your doing...
i personally like girls that are funny.
(i know cause that just happened to me last week.)
Just have fun and don't worry about what he is going to say or think.
hey tino lets go out saturday.
I never got a propasal We just got married.
i don't think she should be mad.
keep trying and all the best.. (^^)
IF you cant, get someone who both of you know adn respect.
ask the girl out before she asks u(to be polite).
as long as there is love on both your parts
Y does she do this to me?
just make for her what she really expect from u.
But eventually it's just not worth hanging around so I left.
no.. you should wait until you are older and know a lot more about sex.
the way you notice her and the way she acts around you
Don't beat around the bush, say whats on your mind!
Because youre lookin in the wrong places.
If that person was fun to be around.
some people use u or just havin sex wit u
Some people want a boyfriend/girlfriend who they can show off and say Hey look, my bf/gf is hot!
WHAT KIND OF QUESTION IS THAT?
SERIOUSLY BOYS MIGHT WANT TO **** UNEDUCATED GIRLS BUT THEY MARRY THE SMART CHURCH GOING GIRLS.
I wish I had that problem...
how open are you to new things?
No wonder u need a girl with very good english, so she can teach u how to spell.
kissing's cheating wow i relly am out of it
Eather way ask your self is this somebody that you could possibly spend the rest of your life with?
It is divine to forgive without the BUT(S)... TO ERR IS HUMAN TO FORGIVE IS DIVINE...
I love my husband to death!
What the heck, go for it & good luck.
Deep inside we know you're faking!!
I wouldn't spit on him if he was burning.
be yourself and let them love you on their own.
be nice, talk to her, show her u love her( hugs, kisses)
this is gonna be a tough one for you to deal with.
Mostly, just show him how much you missed him!
It seems like you have your life together without her and hers sounds pretty chaotic.
Or else he loves being around you.
YES IT IS POSSIBLE NOT TO CALL PEOPLE NAMES CAUSE IT COMES BACK ON THEM
not any longer than you have to!
That about somes it up right there^
i like this boy austin and i told my friend claudia to ask hin if he likes me
Man thongs (for the nice physique), boxers (for the uglies)
he dribbles... he shoots... he scores... 2 points...
Not everyone is doing it... even if they say they are.
1) To thy own self be true!
yes BUT not when it makes the girl uneasy in the mall haha
and also promise him you won't do stupid things like this anymore.
Tell him he's an idiot and dump him.
As far as how it felt?
love is all that you think it is.
they will look owesome and yummy lol!!
Be assured, there are others like you in this world :)
So i avoided him .even though he wanted 2 take it further.
However I can deal with short hair but they gotta have an awsome chest!
just ask him a question that might start up a nice conversation!
learn how to eat virgina instead.
yep..you have reached the final clinching step in having your identity stolen!!!
instant_karma hit it right on the nose!!
SHOULD YOU HAVE TO WORK AT THEM OR SHOULD THEY COME EASY?
21 years with a 15 year old.
you're still young, you'll meet many guys.
Probably because he is in love with her.
The sad part is he is moving to ohio this june!!!
...you just got into conversation with him
She should be mad enough to move on.
just don't do anything too drastic!
now that is not a great anology but bear with me.
Then try to go with a kiss and if he denies you SORRY.
let him ask u first if he dident thats mean he have differant plans
at least it would have been fun, however long it lasted!!
you can't stop them, but you can ask your guy not to flirt back.
Do I give up and move on?
you don't know what you have got till it's gone is what they say.
Life isn't as simple as leave him or don't, unfortunately... it all depends on you.
how did you think/reason when you were that age?
34-36 sounds pretty darn good to me.
I don't trust my bank even!
I don't want to listen to their stupidity!
always look at things from their perspective.
Get a life guy, quit stalking the poor girl.
HEY  SWEET  HEART    NOT   EVERY  GUY  IS  LIKE THAT SO  I  SUGGEST   YOU  THINK  BEFORE  YOU  OPEN  YOUR   MOUTH.
You like her then go get her :) !!
lol funny how did you know you are losing it, did it just come out
point- have friends who have completely different taste from you that always works!!
I can't wait to see her face at the air port when i return!!
Race definately can't hold that down... unless your a moron that lets it.. lol ...
You can imagine what else he's thinking about!
THANK GOD THAT I WOKE UP ANOTHER DAY AND THEN MY HUSBAND
well i first thought of my son who's baby bed was right next to mine.
You r to lucky got gals for sex so early.
a lot of things like how thay are.
Tell him that you just snapped and that your sorry.
there is no specific way to ask a girl out.
Looks only matter if you want them to...
Or you could talk about the teams he likes.
And if you ask him your thinking your thoughts :)
but at the moment its infatuation!!
but it's better to put him alone and ask.
what are the do's and don't on your first date?
Just do not give up, even though it is like pulling teeth.
yea i would cheat on my boyfriend wit chris brown hes so sexy!!
unfortunately some men never grow up
six years is not that long for some people, then again, six years is awfully long for others.
as long as he sees you mean it he sould forgive you.
Of course she might get nightmares, which is bad.
i have a daughter that just turned 20!
If you are unsure in any way don't do it.
MY B/F IS LONG DISTANCE AND HE HAS TOLD EVERYBODY EVEN MY BEST FRIEND
i would say around her waist.
not sticking up for her but truly honoring her?
when he leaves my house i get really sad that he is leaving.
But I have to make it first...
ask the doc, or if she is prone to complications them be very careful
He says you don't shower enough.
i am pretty sure he likes me.
share them with your b/f or g/f?
You need to move on and get over this man.
add me and we'll talk :)
i love his eyes and smile
if you need to ask this question then your not ready.
Have your fun and realize that it is just that.
but thats not what we usually think when we look at women.
ouch that mean why dont u just talk to her or tell her how u feel about her k
Even the Times Square Urban cowboy has a cowboy hat and boots!
to find some one  who has same intrest as you do
remember that watching porn does not make you a bad person so dont sweat it.
i've been in that position and you just have to wait it out.
we did the wedding and honeymoon all in one, it was cost effective and so much fun!!
u can only have true peace if jesus is in ur heart .
Hey-i'm having the same problem...you are just missing him right now, its normal and you'll get over it.
i want him to be surprised too.
i don't know why all the people keep giving rude answers.
if you guys are friends talk to her abou her problem.
they would like it but it depends, cuz they might not like the girls who are asking 'em out!
Give me a little spank, would ya?
figure out which one you really think that you would have a future with
Lots of times they say they did when they didn't...WITH NO THOUGHT AS TO HOW THIS HURTS THE GIRL!
WOMEN CHEAT ON MEN BECAUSE MENTALLY WOMEN ARE MISSING SOMETHING.
{BUT WHAT U DO WILL COME BACK TO U}  AND UR HEART IS GOING TOBE BROKEN THINK ABOUT IT
When it feels right ... You should wait til your married ..
8 years is not that much.
I do things to show how much I love my girl, and she does things to show me.
and listen to what he says to see if he is droping hints for you.
I know this sounds funny but it always seems like they don't??
And i am running out of excuses.
There are so many fish in the sea!
GIVE HIM SPORTS TICKETS 4 HIS FAV TEAM
guys, much the same way just not to the face.
How would we like WHO to be a girlfriend?
say something about gay guys or being gay and see how he reacts to your comment.
I think it might be for some people...
usually when someone comes right out and says  i am not.... you know why?
best to divorce if you want the sex but are not getting it.
Listen, I'm going to go ________.
if you think that you should flirt whilist married.
depends on how well u have build up ur relationship.
but you already know it; it is so clear.
NOW ESPECIALLY IF HE IS LIEING TO YOU ABOUT TALKING TO OTHER WOMEN ON LINE.
IF HE LIES ABOUT IT, THEN THE INTENTIONS ARE DEFINATLY BAD.
If you didnt trust your frinds would you still be friends with them?
this one guy i've been eyeing happens to be checking me out too.
i guess i have a radical philosophy.
Best of luck to you both!!
If she falls for it, she's not worth your time...
Hey Im from Patterson----but im 22----cool--small world--crazy little town!
( I am only being honest, no disrespect at all)
And dont forget to get down on your knee!
its about them, not about you, so put the spotlight on them, not you.
SEX IS SO MUCH MORE PERSONAL, AND SENSUAL WHEN YOU'RE W/ SOMEONE YOU TRUST AND HAVE A CONNECTION W/.
I know this sounds corny but it works.
It's simple sweetie because they are girls!!
Guys can be wierd; I should know.
Whatever you decide to do, don't let her get the best of you.
ok they both are in love with me alot!!!!
my boyfriends ex wife hates my guts bad i think she wants to see me dead to be honest.
14 just saying i was to hot
or should I say most of them dont give a darn...
I don't know what to do.
DOES ANYBODY KNOW WHAT I SHOULD DO...THANKS
there is a reason why she is your ex.
Had it for a while there, but kind of a jerk otherwise and didn't go down.
they know each other only thru internet n telephone... but she wanna marry him...  wat to do?
Well the question is, what happend???
You can even like your mama and I'll be ok with it
her juices will not be enough.
Women want their partener to think that they are the one, i.e.
It is like saying nice guys finish last.
you dont think there are other females in other places
sry if this answer is so ammeture!
anything else besides that or friendship is gross
If you say it ... you mean it!
just talk to him at frist.
thats what you call a sugar daddy.
you are just lifted off of your feet.
and no it is not wrong.
go to a movie together, but have your mom drop you off if she won't let him take you.
Im always getting hit up by young guys cause im nasty,dominating a say what i want.
I dont think this is TRUE, but I have heard it (and even said it!)
got no idea of wat u said
yes if you dont want to lose a friend.
How well do you know this guy?
are you from india because thats what it sounds like.you need help
Don't take what you have for granted!!
teeth yellow and brown teeth are not only ugly but boy do they stink
Boyfriend, best friend, Pizza Delivery boy, plumber?
being totally funny here, the answer is yes.
when i will have nothing to do
or you can wait it out!
He shoud stay home and grow up
you should have told him, btw
but if he was not that good of a guy i would dafinatley dump him.
no not at all, its how you use your tool that matters.
i personaly think thats not right moraly.
Invite her to a pants party.
but you just have do what you can for you and your baby.
to bad for you i feel sorry for you
He is really Really hot so........
No i dont mean a travel stopover.
If he quits,  you would be complianing about that too.
Do you know who came up with that.
But I apologized for all that.
I know who i wanna be with, but im a position where i can't choose.
please... i feel the same way...
Why can't guys stay focused on one girl?
Dont worry you'll be aight give yourself a chance to mend your heart!!
don't dump her just because of that; it's much better that she told you.
Because i'm a dumb@ss, and i'm learning.
tell him to his face, he will aprechite it better that way x
because it helps keep us feeling young.
when you care about someone, you cant usually see their flaws...at least not at first, lol.
women cheat too but they are smarter than men and don't get caught.
the size of the dick dont matter.
ask yourself how important it really is to you.
I was in a marriage like this once...and it bothered me.
until you have a taste of unconditional love you haven't had everything that makes life worth living.
Sometimes you gotta give someone a rap on the beak to get some respect, is that so wrong?
no need to go pussyfooting around.
1's a freak always a freak so if shes down y shouldn't u be?
wE AGREE WITH FREELOVE AND DEXTER BROWN...HELLO...EVERY GUYS FANTASY TO BE WITH MORE THAN ONE WOMAN AT A TIME...
it means he is too shy to call
you better enjoy it while it last
A'm I just being petty or do you think its an issue.
i hid in the closet when my man's brother n law walked in the house.
they just would like for us to think they don't.
is it becasue he is trying to make me jealous?
and u think u can't afford to lose her/ him.
So pass the tequila, vodka, or even mescal, what the hell!
so it is best to use a condom or not have sex.
hav u ever talked to him be for?
You should feel like a biatch !!
You probably don't have one yet...if you do you should give it time.
ask to be the best man.
i met with him last week, i had a good time, got drunk, and embaressed my self.
3: Sit around and mope all the time, gain weight, start drinking, or become a druggy.
any aunties whom i can find in bangalore
who is now streaming on the internet.
my best friend is telling that she had sex with her brother
One time I met some girl that dumped me a few years back.
Don't waste your time with her.
to loose like you, he is very unlucky.
also a change of scenery could help too especially if u have kids.
Go to Walden Books online...they have alot of nice books, with pictures deplicting positions and stuff like that.
no... less than once is bad
Jeez - i'm racking up the points tonight
Disney World...we wanted to have fun and we did!
TELL HIM GIRL STOP ACTIN CRAZY!!!!!!
(but in a better way than what i just said)
when the time is right he'll ask, how can he not?
that depends how much money you got
Some guys do like to make women jealous.
if its still a casual relationship then no, i would probably not want to be with him.
sometimes he doesn't care about my feelings.
why weren't we invited to this 'pity party'?
some guys used to play with girls because of boastful attitude.
but if its bcos he forget your birthday (and he did it many times) girl,forget about him.
beg her to forgive you and don't blame her if she didn't its your mistake from the begining
what was it that he did that was so wrong?
Flirt with him and ask him if he wants to do something on saturday.
i dont think thats wrong at all...unless they arent of legal age.
I mean, guys compare lengths with each other sometimes, right?
And do a whole lot around the house.
i woke up immediately, shocked, and had no idea what had happened.
i think ive always only suffered because of myself, it just appeared to be because of a woman.
ask him his phone number or where his house is.
an apron and some rubber gloves
if shes your friend, leave it alone.
girls love a guy that has guts...even if they are not attracted to him!
its hard if you continue the relationship with that guy.
(even our teachers think we should go out!)
I don't think it's simply because you're a gal and he's a guy...
my girlfriend is 22 and i am 44 and we get along great!
I mean what is that really saying about her?
people tend to play games like that.
because it's just the sex thing that kept them together and not true love
If she says no take it like a real man and say Ok thanks anyway You might be surprized.
Same goes for your domestic version :)
there are so many different races these days.
if he likes you he will call back.
one thing i learned from guys - don't nag them too much or they'll just hide stuff from you
but if you care more for the guy, then YOU GO GIRL...lol...just kidding...seriously, go find another man.
I felt like I was in an 80s movie.
Get the hell away from her.
try 2 add details lots of them...
Ya sure just ask if hes got a big un.
Dude, it's like you sort of wanta check yourself.
PEOPLE TEND TO GET LAZY IN RELATIONSHIPS, AND JOB AND KIDS SLOW THE ROMANCE YOU ONCE HAD.
just go to a movie or something with him.
this is not at all a problem... continue with what you are doing
maybe she means that she doesn't think she is good enough for you.
Someone who does not 'need' me.
that little dab contains millions of baby making sperm .
because they are horny too much
sit with him and see how he reacts.
of course i would have you seen brad pitts legs i wouldnt even think twice about it
Well thinking like that won't help matters at all!
- meet with people, try to help other people.
It's getty pretty lonely up here at NIS.
u should make being with u fun again like when u guys jus met.
depending on where you are that might involve a can of paint and a water tower !
Out of sight - Out of mind.
spur of the moment and later plan it
hell ya but just remember that u cant change a hoe into a house wife so be careful
If she says yes...good for you!
tell them what to ask the guy and what to tell him.
give him a hint ... smile at him or something
I don't honestly believe I loved my boyfriend.
Just a guess but maybe because you think all men are dumbasses?
just be honest, you will both feel better
- keep try, dont loose your hope.
well if he says yes thats weird cuz he doesnt no who he's saying yes to.
i took a big box to her house on her birthday and hid in it.
i mean there jus action figures for gosh sakes...
ma'am, u r not too old to hangout with a 22 year old man.
That dosen't sound right... You date Yourself?
HOw tall is she first of all?
hi me from india but sorry not interested
Stay away from married women and you will do just fine!
And for your info, I faked once.
Not a lot of boys like like girls that dress fancy, just trust me!
Hmmm...casually bring it up one night.
IF he's broke then please understand.
Valentines day, in my oppinion has gotten too comercialized.
only girls believe everything they say.
Tell him he smells like butt and you want him to go home and take a shower.
Not NEAR as long as it takes to get OUT of one!
tell her off and tell this guy how you really feel before she gets ahold of him
Your head is probly playing tricks on u but listen to your heart
The hottest thing since Jessica Rabbit
try asking some of his friends or even just directly asking her out!
I dont think its wrong to marry someone way older than you.
if she giggles looks at you like she likes you ask her friends anyone thats close to her
If you want to stay with him then you need to step your game up!
meanwhile i wish u all da best you get someone who matches ur whims
he'll think about how he feels and hopefully stop going it.
but if other girls show off theres he can look all he wants.
relax and do not care, you do not need him to call you.
I CAN ALMOST GUARANTEE YOU SHE'S GETTING IT FROM SOMEONE ELSE, BETTER KEEP AN EYE OUT.
sex is good but when you find someone you truely love it's a hole lot better .
by the way im 14 and in 8th grade....
Men only know one real way of showing affection, SEX!!!!!!!
It not like love between other people outside the family
it doesn't make sense to me
is someone telling you it is wrong?
this year i didn't get anything for my birthday.my spouse and i were 18 hrs.
Be honest and tell her you don't want to get married.
wait untill you get a little older.
As for me I've tried with both, and having two men for one girl is definitly the best...
I guess I'm just looking for something really creative and original, or maybe something traditional--I can't decide!
if someone else is telling you to stop, you probably wont.
And you know what, don't wait around the phone.
do both of you want marriage?
But to that I say, don't worry about what will happen after.
i want something different and fun.
If you have already seen it, watch it again!!!
But most of us are a little off!
love is caring about a person very much?
it fells so good but I cant get up the never to ask him out!!!!!!!
well, don't be a cheater, alright?
You could also paint or hang out with friends.
i mean i care about him alot alot!
Get her nice and drunk, and make it a perfect night.
friends should not sleep together.. period
i dont think the lesbian partner likes you cause she a...um...lesbian!
tell him your feelings ... if you are shy write it ...
i often wonder what people think bout that.
to tell you the truth id say its the other way around.
you obviously want the answer that a woman like that needs no one so why ask it like that.
a guy will say Hell Yeah!
It really depends on what type of nice guy you are seeking.
I don't want a guy ten years older than me.
now he is lik omg ur a slut ancallin me a liar.
i do..But now i'm married with someone else.Still i'm in love with the first.
I can't see myself jumping in bed with my Dad and taking a nap, but that's just me....GOOd LUCK
let her know you for what you really are!
now she tells me she has not other way t deal with it.
i would react the same way you did.
i climaxed in a dream when, i think, i was in junior high.
boys focus more on girls body.
we learned from the best ... women!
The girl who had less boyfriends.
omg, this one is so easy.
so dump him and look for some1 else.. who wud care more about ur emotions for him.
he may said SORRY dont worry and dont become angry.
playa del carmen, riviera maya, mexico.
YES THE ONE AND TRUE ANSWER!
They filmed Some like it hot there.
Life is short-listen to slayer naked
1ST OF ALL I WOULD WAIT 4 HIM 2 PROPOSE.
But don't go falling all over him, and no begging please.
um yea that too.... im ok but you hun, are definately not
but i think i'll go crazy soon, if nothing happens.
hey to each his own....but it would be really funny to see that one...
not if the sex is good
when there isn't any trust in the relationship and you realize things dont feel the same
To make him choose the one he realy wants to be with
WHAT OTHER REASON WOULD HE BE CHATING WITH WOMEN ON LINE?
you have it no worse than anyone else.
dont' do it out of desperation just to go to the prom.
im with the person who answered on top
you have not even tried to contact me..WHY is that ????
yes i want a girl friend but do you want a boy friend  yes or no
u don't find your soul mate.
if he keeps bothering you, don't hang around him anymore.
if it feels good do it!
Don't rush, don't start early...  You DO NOT need to practice.
Maybe you got hurt real bad and now you don't believe in love' anymore.
just try not to push him.
Well, you kind of answered your own question there: cuz he knows other guys will look.
even if guys are married or w/ a girlfriend, they'll still look at girls.
because she will only get 1 year of support for every two years married.
for some girls they feel good b/c they r maturing.
why is it your job to tell your husband what to do?
iam a healty thick female and i get attention all the time from guys.
dont allow him to go meet them.
u can  talk to me at soccerbabe296@verizon.net just email me and ill talk to u
if it hasn't been along time he might not be ur true love.
Give him something practical, cuz guys kinda don't like something just to look at.
are you a man nurse or a lady nurse.
DUH< WHAT KIND OF FREAK DOESNT KNOW THAT???????
make him understand you truely love this guy.
Only if your ready 4 a relationship.
if he was a really good guy that i'm really attracted to i would stay with him.
you because you are nice,make me sick ,sorry ,you are nice,maybe i should have married you!!
You could pluck Daisey petals (he loves me, he loves me not...).
check her weight with her height and if it's in rang ethan she's ok.
or u could ask him to a school dance if you hav one comming up.
if not , what else would you need?
Like it slipped past your lips but you didn't want it to.
expect that who ever you don't choose, will get hurt.
I wish u lots of luck.
If not wait til you are mature enough to handle it.
when i was 14, i had lesbian sex, and dats when i realized that i liked it.
i pay all the bills she paid the rent.
you're too kind you need to show some defense and toughness!
SAY U WANT TO WARM THEM UP
open your eyes dear heart , hes only playin you !
Las Vegas, it was a blast!
if you were a couple years older i could see why.
why would you want your friends leftover anyway.
Don't make her unconfortable that will definately make you strike out!
That's right, he has to do what you say.
Don't wait for a life time, OK?
It could be exciting for the both of you, in a weird sort of voyeur way.
hell yes and can i get them lips all over this body jay z is sexy as hell
hed probably be thrilled... unless the 3 person was a guy
If it were BAD, why even do it once??
how long you will stay happy after sex???
Get rid of the jailed guy too.
youre asking one or the other or both to despise you.
thats one thing that everybody asks me dont rush it!
Or maybe just straight up tell you, hey come sleep in the bed with me.
LOL, oh I needed that today.
depends on how youre partner reacts to it
they are attracted to other girls...they are lesbians
Keep your pants on and your hands to yourself!
Portillos, Da BULLS, Da BEARS, CUBS, AND SOXS!!!!
Often a guy will vocalize this desire as WOULD YOU FREAKIN QUIT NAGGING ME?
I prefer hairless except armpit hair I think thats really manish and sexy!
Nothing wrong with that, You go girl!!
Make the first move if he not reply ask me to be your BF
That's a hell of a lot more fun.
If it works for the both of you then its noones business.
In person and tell her it was u, all along.
Be who you are and don't try to be anyone else.
i would if he was i nice guy and we connected.
or by the way he acts?
Baby dont hurt me, dont hurt me, no more.
whatever you know he will like.
Ok, you gotta stop posting stupid questions about your cat.
because my heart is broken.. .
YOu're just not sure what to do.
it depends where you live and what kind of clubs you have there.
talk to her not him he can't answer n e of your ?
thats why there is no perfect man.
So get out there and have fun, the guys will find you.
I'm not feelin ya if you know what I mean.
It shows that they're not always all tough like they try to be.
he might be thinking u ar still young and there's still time.
has he already cheated on you?
Sounds like maybe love and hurt
But if can't or just don't want to, don't beat yourself up for it.
dont jump to a conclusion that he is cheatin.
because of getting bored with the same yak!yak!
and i would have tryed to tell him myself, that way u would have looked confident.
I Have never met One.. :)
SOUNDS LIKE YOU HUBBIE IS MISSING A LITTLE EXCITEMENT IN HIS LIFE.
Kinda makes you wonder if women really care if their man gets off.
MIX IT UP AND TRY TO BE OPEN MINDED AND SPONTANIOUS.
some do if your luckly you'll find one
I don't need him, I want him.
you should let me know if any singles are looking for a cute, and funny girl from g.a
what do other people think ?
I bet your a great person he wants to spend his life with too.
if sex is the important thing, then marrying a prostitute will be a blast.
Then, whenever you go to meet someone new... NEVER GO ALONE.
First of all, Choose some one right!
Don't hate the playa hate the game!
What you did was probably for the best just open up ur options...Good luck!
becouse true beauty is on the inside but thats just something ugly people say
good question, let me know too.
well u said its cold u dont think thats the perfect thing?
---i belive i will some way in the future...just like that...
Oh yeah dont dress too fancy!
You would not be toying with two guys if you really loved one of them.
i cant find any on yahoo answers!!!!!!!!!!
or do you just think is about time you get over it?
If you really like her you will tell her.
you have to ask your mom though, and go with what she says.
How do I get a 2nd chance?
Why don't you go back to the baby's father...or, does he not trust you either...
Hey I wanna know about the enzyte for my other girfreinds who don't love me
And when I tell them I am married, 70% don't seem to care, even sadder.
She always tells me some women just don't.
im guessin its to make her feel good about herself.
BECAUSE YOU CHOSE NOT TO  BE!
now doesnt because she got cought and put into consiling.
otherwise i think that you just need to consider wat they say before you take it too heart.
different reason for different guys I suppose, but DAMN... Amen to that!!!...
im bored to death please talk to me
there's probably nothing wrong with that.
I like a lot of sex, not cheesy romance novel suspense erotica crap.
i suggest you get this idea out of your head.
have u tried having sex in the shower?
i've seen it happen and believe me the friend clique end up dissing the girl.
or maybe even try to make a little fire to keep her warm!
Some guy with a little boat.
A GOOD MAN WILL STAND BY HIS WOMAN, AND CARRY HER BURDENS.
Maybe you should find another guy?
Sorry hunny, Even if you can rock the boat with the best of em, if I'm not feelin ya.
No... he likes women who are older and less desparate...
Hate me now if u wana...one day u will thank me...
Sounds like you just have to ask.
take the one with the less girls ok he is better 4 u.
If she says no...how did she say no?
OR USE THE BEST BUY GEEK SQD TO DO IT FOR YOU.
your better than that , you dated him once , move on hes old news
I probably dream about sex about 4 times a week.
if she says no, then say well we cant have that!
If he hasn't already, then good.
She was really boring... AND SHE BELIEVED IT!
a man NOOOOO WAYYYYYY,they r born e big eyes
then out of the blue some chick is going to wake up and realize d@mn!
One who will make you whole.
he must know how to laugh...
but you know, the internet also has some liars.
Do u guys think he likes me back?
absolutly  not  how  would  you  feel  if some  one  did it  to  you  ?
don't be shy or you might lose her to another guy!
See if that works 4 u :)
one of the machanics are so hot.
going back to your question... i don't think you like them both.
NOT ME!I'M TOO BUSY WITH A FEW LADIES ALREADY..LOL
maybe you should learn english before you do anything.
ok don't understand you are bi-sexual.
go away for the weekend some where romantic
because we are just like that
Hell no man.... come on you know better.
is it her time that you are jealous of?
All this right in your own home!
do you want to marry her?
and he decided he wants to be celibate until marriage?
Just a quirky turn-on I guess.
(Not that there aren't any who are built that way but I generally only see them with black guys!)
WHEN I FIRST STARTED DATING HIM I WASNT ACTUALLY PLANNING TO FALL IN LOVE AT ALL!!!
Drink with him and have lots of wild and romantic sex!
so please don't report me .
the only thing that you can do is to stop kissing her.. let her discover why...  good luck!
be confident abt ursel dear girl.
how much of controlling wife are you anyway?
It's gonna be hard as hell but you have to give yourself time to get over him.
Choose the one with bigger boobs.
Maybe he wanted to wait til marriage.
that depends on how long awhile is, and how much you really cared/loved the person.
Again missing some details...ok there is jewery and flowers.
It can't work with just one of you trying.
OMIGOD girl, my guy has forgotten so many annaversaries, or just been broke on my birthday.
If you really care about the guy, give him another chance.
No one think that you are a freak.
Fall in love with each other all over again its sooo much fun .
ITS NOT IMPOSSIBLE BUT IT IS NOT VERY LIKELY!
Guys and girls all think differently.
Um.....they will flirt, stare at you maby.
But if you don't feel right about it, don't do it.
wll make it easier,the rest is dealing with those personal feeling each has.
dont talk to him, act like it doesnt bother you.
how can i get on good terms with her?
no that would be a stupid idea
try a search directory or try a website on searching for ur friends.
leave him alone...he seems a'little preoccupied....
How long do u want 2 stay married or alive?
So say, 'heh pal, i'm ready so if you're not, you're also not for me!
You're young, there's probably many people out there who'd like to hang out with you.
Next time, please don't do things like that again.
---> WHEN YOU MARRY THE BLOKE!!
A best friend would'nt do that to someone she really cared about.
Why do you girl always encourage relashionships ??
Yep, you guessed it divorce a big waste of your time.
I hope you learned your lesson,Cheaters Lie!!!
because if are parents find out we will be killd.
Own up to the mistake you made.
stay with your partner and keep going strong supprort them and love them
you are just perfect for each other and you know that when you are with him.
!what  kinda  dumb  ass   question  is  that.
dont let someone else tell you whats wrong or right!
say it however you want, just make sure you dont say it too soon!!
JUST DONT GIVE OUT PERSONAL INFO.
Yeah.. u look good and nice.
if the person understand u and your feelings, and like u fo what u are
Maybe because they never had it before
lol it doesnt hurt for every one!!
ibn8dog@yahoo.com    (& asian is fine :)  )
I have the BEST of BOTH worlds!!!!!!!!!!
Be a gentlemen and always look her in the eyes!!
no it doest not at all once u can work it and do it rite it dont matter
he's real cute but obnoxious he would stop brothering me and can't stop flirting with me.
What if there is no god?
You are too young right now.
&#92;some1 nice hot good listener playful sexy
I think alot of them want something they can't have.
the best thing to do is try to become the kind of person worth marrying.
Well, I think if you care about her be honest and tell her.
the eyes is the main thing so my answar is eyes
you should email me at myname@yahoo!
Try investing your time in a woman (LADY)!
No, not at all, we can all like whomever we want.
Add me to the guys that don't like you.
ditch this guy for one who's trustworthy.
But you shouldn't pick fights with her.
first expect to get hurt, it's goin to happen, and you'll learn from it.
You said I love you too and you didn't mean it??!!!
She HAS herpes and she didnt get them from you playa!
But don't worry about masturbating even more than once a day.
this is the only life we have dont waste it sitting around wondering.
that's y its called FALLING in love... Go in public & express yourself...
You better see if his family has heard from him or something!?!?!
The good ones do, don't worry about the rest of them sweetie!
i wouldent want to  have sex w/ a 42 year old man
boys come a dime and dozen.
i will be online for u...
dont wait for him to ask you out.
its a boyfriend so there is nothing really special about it unless its the longest youve had a relationship.
he told me friday he would pick me up at 9 or 10 but never called or showed up.
i later found out that my cell phone didn't have service for like 40 min.
He would think you were a vegaterian
CD of a band u kno he likes
say it as many time as you wont she no what you mean
You'll have to get over them eventually,... right?
if it were a guy, he'll probably think about it first.
but once they get 2 their teen years they feel more comftable w/themselves.
why am i such a boring person i can't think of any thing to say?
Be like a guy whom you are.
If he likes u, he may avoid talking to u.
Telling her how u feel about her.
and god bless your unborn Baby boy!
this is what we call challange!
I gotta question 4 U why are we president and not females... We must not be that stupid huh?
Just tell that guy you have a boyfriend and you're not interested.
If not don't take it too hard, you're a great person.
when its time for you to fallin love, u will no matter how you resist (ask me)!!
I really felt good when i wnnt out w/ him and we did hav fun somtimes.
THERES NO AGE TO MAKE OR HAVE A CHILD why?
Music that both of u like, mood lighting, and some natural stimulies.
i still cant forget about him!!!
If she doesnt respond to u in say....2 months, then take all that engery and move on.
u may still have a chance.
no problem that i can see.
its the difference between your man walking outside naked and someone else doing it.
anyway i wouldn't hate one but doubts ringer in ma mind-why would one sell herself out?
I loved him then, I love him now and always will.
if i make the first move on my shy guy what if he gets put off?
Take his hand, slide it down ur as*s, then say, Honey, i've been a very bad girl.
Talk to your wife, does she flirt?
that you both could be together... jus maybe....??
YOU DONT ALWAYS NEED LOTS OF MONEY TO HAVE A GOOD TIME.
make corej to tell him personaly
you can`t chase two hens at a time!
Say to him How's Sarah doing?
Fa Sol La Ti Do ... yup, I sure do ...
I mean you under 18 and he older than 18 no!
pick the one u wood regret not being able to c the most.
But I don't have any idea of where to take it!!
If you don't mean what you say, then don't form the words!
dude you graduate high school and probably in collge and she was just born.
if there is love, nothing else matters
some do if deyr da shy type den dey do
No, lots of straight men have their right ears pierced.
on thursday he called me to go out but i refused becuase i was with friends.
I guess you don't like him the same way?
repeating yourself over and over isn't working well is it?
if he ever cheated on me i would try to work it out no matter what.
EVEN THOUGH MEN CAN BE JERKS SOMETIMES.
i never forgot it though, and finally realized what had happened.
Kid's like new things just like mommy and daddy.
there are tons of girls out there, and straight ones, or bi if thats what you want.
its not a good relationship if you fight and nothing gets resolved...you should leave him
I mean how will you ever know now?
it's so nice of you... but are you sure that he won't be mad with what you are doing?
Does he like me or does he just like flirt?
not sayng anything just maybe u should talk to guys
If you enjoy books...look in the bookstore.
So i guess they will just have to see it with there eyes.
Now she doesn't pick up the phone or return emails.
Give it to someone who will give it back to u.
coz u r very smart & had chosen the right way
choose the one who care you most..
there are web sites where you could buy nice jewery for reasonale prices.
A little thing call the truth might work!!!
See you r 24 years old, u can not make a girl friend just because u r shy?
BECAUSE HE LOVES YOU A LOT AND WANTS TO KNOW YOU EVEN BETTER.
c. Not asking for a blasphemous thing (such as sex) without even thinking about why it even exists (reproduction).
just go out (i assuming with other guys) and don't look to be in a relationship, find friendship first.
U SEE SOMETHING U WANT GO FOR IT !!!!!!!!!!
And Can we tell when you fake?
if he is just one or two years older then you shoud.
You men wonder why we are so b****y. Lol.
i broke up wit him yesterday.
Remember that your feelings don't matter- JUST THE CHILD'S!
get after it bubba..get all you can now ..cuz it don't get any better ...lol
if you never see the other person, when you finally do, they might not be who you remember.
hes not the only cute guy in the world!
give me your info and ill find you a perfect match .my adress is david19bear@yahoo.com
So, if you can tease her and play hard to get, I guarantee you sucess!
Men only have one tool, which often isn't enough for just one girl, so why two girls?
try logging in to friendster.. =)
Not to mention THAT will probably piss the wifey off.
say something like would u like to have dinner with me this friday?......duh.
Now big hands AND big feet and there is NO doubt.
that's what i would like to know
Show her that you like her.
But now you need to do what is best for you.
im actually bi, but im going out with boi right now.
depenns on ur looks and attude
dont do it he has alreay lost his chance
Why do guys cheat on girls?
I would do anything for him.
This is something women generally know well and something guys just don't seem to get.
u can't give candy to a kid then take it away without some kind of reaction
you can still be his girlfriend though, even if she doesn't let you go on dates.
well i would just wait a while don't go fast u'll find someone
I DON'T HAVE A PROBLEM WITH GAY PEOPLE THEY ARE JUST LIKE EVERYONE ELSE
Why do you need to pick out just one girl anyway?
If your not comfortable then don't do it.
Me and my best friend think they're dead sexy!!!!!!
are you guys getting marry any time soon?
Of course, you could always recommend a day job... works for me!
you might be a little crazy
MOST MEN DONT REALLY CARE ABOUT SATISFYING THEIR PARTNER.
the way you feel about someone and when you are in love you wont have to ask
(in about 3-4 LONG relationships) You just need to realize it yourself.
you can't really walk around at night the city shuts down at 7pm.
but i only did it once.
Get her trust if that doesnt work get her drunk.
But if he don't eventually listen to you don't worry about it you have other friends.
i hope he says yes though!
use a broom made from roses
Yeah, I just made it to level two , also.....I don't think we get any brownie points for that.
pple just judge tooo much on look;s..
yes i like the movies i think it is a good time to get close to your man
but if he is 10 or more years older than you, i wouldnt got there either
Most women never get angry at little things!
Yes there are...   FYI There are prostitutes around the world...
), would he want such a passive, retiring girl?
to make females think they are smart.
If you are a boy, I don't know...
If she was a good freind then she wouldn't insult you.
should i feel guilty when im rocking there world?!
Sound like she tell him what to do .
If you say want me to warm you up that sounds like a bad line.
if she really is ur best friend, she wont mind hearing ur oppinion.
much luck and talk no screaming only puts walls up ---then no one is listening
48...and since you have no idea of what the person's life experience is, give the advice anyway.
Before, I thought it was ok that a guy penis size matter.
no you respect that one of a lifetime guys If his for real girl dont mess up
Its a weird psychological thing, but it ALWAYS seems to happen!
Say something like I knew a girl once who likes threesomes... see where the conversation leads.
And both of them (bro & sis) mainly remain alone at home , so ,it take place .
cuz if you dont love your self, then how can you be loved.
are you going to cheat on your wife?
i think thats the best way to describe what women feel and why its so hard.
cold is always good if u think about it from my perspective!!
but dont give ur guy a hard time.
well go with the flow do wat she wants
if you want tell me and I can probably share a doosie or 3 with you!
Wow, if ever I knew that that guy wanted you it would be now.
It's a dance with lots of people in socks!
If you wouldn't want your wife doing it, don't do it yourself.
I say give her a bit of space.
Only stay with him if he spells like you do.
dont send him flowers what ever you do!!
is it ok or even morally right to let someone piss on you?
when he/she is there, ul feel it.
if he is going to fast whisper slower.
I don't know what to tell you.
most women don't know how to make a man have an orgasm - it just kinda happens.
Hope that helps and best of luck.
but figuratively, you should do something she haven't seen yet that will definitely surprise her.
YES YOU ARE THE GREATEST !!
Be fresh always  Don't flirt a lot with her.
well im 26 amd i love to talk to differnt people and meet new friends spongebobfreak79@yahoo.com
okay one of my good friends is 15 years old and use to cut herself.
If you are a Guy and in love with another guy flowers can go ...
YES I DO...BUT I CANNOT SAY WHY..TOO PERSONAL TO EMBARRASSING
a guy who gives attention only to his girl, and he is a football player.
let him know after 3 years if he cant trust u now then he probally never will.
just go outside, watch a different tape or DVD, do anything else, keep busy.
He wont sick a bull on you!
eyes and smile first, then chest, shoulders, arms, etc
now, you're not the only other important person to her - there's the boyfriend too!
let her down easy just say blank i'm sorry but we have 2 break up
so, my advice is talk to her.
i think if he has found a religion i would support him in that!
no.one girl would get jealos if u pay more attention to the other girl.
you are sure yo get one.and it is safe too
& the older you get, the less age matters anyway - a decade isn't that much.
That's a good way to seduce me...
She is a freak and she would definitly come right over if I called.
marriage is b/w 2 people .
talk about rude but anywayz.... somebody PLZ HELP!!!!
Scary movies are good cause then she has a death grip if she is afraid.
DO NOT watch any sappy romantic movies...only comedies!
Good thing your not married or you would be in so much trouble.
love me till the day i die.....no matter what i look like.
don't you thing all people have the right to get marry, even if they are gay?
sometimes u can tell by how he looks at you.
tell him you have been naughty abd you need a spanking
my wife likes to pee on me and i get off to it, but thats us.
he got a woman already now get in line
my id is tosalar@yahoo.com  if u like me add me
Wait for him and don't flirt with anyone but him!
Guys I don't like(guy friends) say I'm beautiful.
If you have problem with racism they drop the idea...
WHILE PUTTING IT IN THERE TALK DIRTY TO HER AND RUB YOUR SENSEUAL AREA.
Just like guys, some cheat some don't.
the wa i see it, u need to bring he's attension back home.
don't be afraid and get married it will be a succesed relationship if you both take care of it.
Hey as long u get what u want just say whatever.
Move on to a guy who'll treat ya better!
im not sure if this has been asked already if so im sorry but jw
He replied and said, I don't know what to say.
Could you be just friends and hang out with lots of people?
and if you really think about it.
i met someone like that once.
But u shud look @ various other aspects, too.
he even broke up with my ex for me.
My girlfriend is jumping up and down, going It's a dance!
How stupid is to say, no thanks, strictly into men.
he is busy at the moment.
never heard of someome wanting permition to argue.
Just walk up to her (with a smile) & ask her
It's ok to wait, don't feel pressure.
That's the one thing u have that is hard to take away.
WEll first off your granfather is prabably just being protective, I would know my dad is like that.
EARN and DESERVE that woman's trust:)
keep holding your breath, you're not blue yet.
so if you feel like you dont want anyone dont date.
i dont know what else to say,
Oh..yeah...check hands, feet and ear lobes.
i broke his car door, and threw up all over.
i want to know the same thing
I like how it is set up and the fee is pretty good too.
Not from one of your girlfriends either.
IF IT DOES LAST THERE IS RELLY NO POINT IN HAVING A RELATIONSHIP WITHOUT TRUST!
married when you are carrying his baby
If you enjoy sports...look in the stadium.
But will Never, Ever speak or treat you in a cruel nasty, demeaning, screaming tone EVER EVER!!
so yiea, hope i helped and have fun!
naver hide ur feelings just go for it.
You two are dealing with a lot.
They were having sex with their mom, sisters, cousins, etc.
If your willing to seek help, maybe.
sorry your so unhappy some perople are controll freaks and it looks like you might be one.
IF YOU DO IT YOU ARE HAVING PROBLEMS AND YOU ARE NOT HAPPY.
I don't find Jay-Z attractive at all, and his lip... OH my gosh!!!
Hey, you look awfuly familiar... don't I know you from some where?
give me your email address.. ..  i can help ..
I can't choose witch girl i like more, Suzanna or Lai Loni?
If hes a good guy and you like him, just give it a try.
suzannmarie2002@yahoo.com  I'm older but very cool and love to talk
you shouldn't have to worry about that!
yes .. it does.. girls like it long .. your stamina also matters!!
When you were a kid, you wanted the other kid's toy.
let me know how it goes.
tell her this; make your self more beautiful.
Just go up to her and say Hi.
You can definately tell when its too late.
the one I want's name is Eric and he's so fine(literally)
well u could just casually bump into him and start a conversation.
my hand is my girl atleast a few times a day.
if you like yourself that is all that matters honey !
it depends on the kind of boy.
And you would probably do so again.
if u love him back go out with him, if not tell people to stop buggin ya!
Life is all about Pick & Choose
after all you want to chat.
If he isnt okay with that, then I would start thinking about leaving.
the true perfect man is man that she loves.
i'll say, when ever it happends (pregnant)... that is the right time.
Hope this helps and didn't confuse you even more.
no because you are only cheating yourself.
You suck it up, wish her well, and move on.
A side question - do you ever look at other men?
size is not important , I prefer a guy I love , only this is important to me ...:-)
the worst...the traffic, the prices of homes
But look them in the eye when you say so.
they're all the same...like cars...just different models.
most boys on body but some do the personality
Don't say want me 2 warm u up cuz that sound cheezee just warm her up!
listen to her.take her to dinner date.
If what you got right right now is what you want, why screw it up!
courd to take a real step by knowing a real person, or cheaters if they already have a realationship
you are the hottest 2D avatar ever!
let a guy luv u 4 who u r. mr. perfect'd be him.
But we shared alot and got really close.
But if our own girl tries that Crap we get mad.
C'mon, you know this is the right answer...
any comments email me at phantomboy_1994@yahoo.com
if i were you i just ask him
beacuse men are animal...and women are animal lover....
not ur brother or cousing or dad... like a boyfriend
find someone else just get over him
It shows that you have diversity...Hope you have fun and get some...you fill in the blank.
Go ahead and love all you want.
you should ask yourself how much you love him.
jumped out of a story and a half window because her dad was walking the back door.
If he says no at least you know it is time to move on to bigger and better things...
THERES NO WAY TO ACTUALLY MAKE URSELF FALL IN LOVE.
Hey man do what you want!
When I found it, I married her.
Even ones that are as Funny as his.
THEY STILL LOVE THEIR GIRLFRIEND AND WIFE BUT STILL THEY MESSED AROUND.
you are trying to be a playa and you will nly play yourself because, what goes around comes around.
because if he was u would love it and enjoy it.
what eva position you make will be the position you use so do wat eva you feel is right!!
cause we generally are not homo !
Two guys really like me and i really like both of them to.
They are out there you just have to be patient and find the right one
Dude if I say if it feels good how could it be wrong?
but most of all, he gives me his love.
Im 16 now and Im madly in love with my boyfriend.
But what I want is looks and brains.
Plus..my ex cheated on me, thats why we are exes.
Yeah, you can respect him...good for him!
if so dump his azz in the street.
the guy has a few screws lose in his head.
Is it a problem if my shirt isn't exactly filled out?
why are you asking just the men?!
your in school honey you want to be accepted.
I told him that I felt like I was falling out of love with him and it scared me.
it is provided you make it clear before actualy start cheating,,
what if he goes with me?
Oh yeah and they eat and poop a lot.
you sound like u r in a market mall or an auctioneering parlour.
i think girls that like to sing are cute.
yes, it is fabulous isn't it?!
because that's the way it's supposed to be
so it's probably just harmless fun.
be your self and you will find someone
Say something and bring her to counselor  :)
Just be yourself and don't push the issue with her....K
continue you seems to like being a slut.and a wicked person,why bother to ask this question.
not if you want to keep your marriage.
or you are just saying that cos he's your friend?
forget about it and find yourself a different guy
hi say hi back now we friends
I was a very sexy girl, I have a hard time feeling sexy even feeling good about my self.
Do they cut the head off bunny wabbits???
Nothing, I am not gay, I love woman!
does he see it ending in marriage).
!...of course on the premise that the third person is a girl.
That's not true, that's just the deamons fuckin' with your head!!!
ive read somewhere that even the most sexually aggressive woman doesnt make the first move.
they are faithful to them and no one else.
yes if that person is christ.
Men that are madly in love won't cheat.
If she isn't interested you now you need to move on.
When was the last time you heard a straight guy tell another guy...Yea man, you look great!
but god will have taken his people before all this happens .
something interesting and sweet yet not too mushy.
:) go for it--whats the worst?
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo!