Men do care about women's feelings - at least the good men do.
Yes, here is some, skip the small stuff.
If he is lying about that, just think what else is untrue.
Think about what he likes and what he likes to do.
Either, when you are married or when you are ready, and with someone you love.
Feel it, know it, think it, dream it, invite, if all these are first, then fall in love.
Monogamy is somewhat going against the grain and can become boring which is the reason that men cheat on women.
If you do ever find it, please send it to me.
As soon as another girl picks up the shirt you then want it much more.
What I mean is that they could not make a better pornographic movie.
If you do love him that much then forget about marriage and stay with him.
If he is in a relationship, do not attempt to contact him.
I know it is hard, but girls like guys who play hard to get.
Realize what is really going on, and then learn from it.
I used to. It was fun, and my friends and I even wrote our own!
Age does not always play a big part, unless the ages are, say, 15 and 23. And, in that case, it would be illegal.
You tell her that you like her.
She can have him and his lies because I am not jealous and do not care.
Too many people have unprotected sex and have kids when they are still kids, too.
That will depend on what type of woman you are looking for.
I do not brag with my son nearby because I know it is annoying to others.
That is why my nostrils have been closed for good.
I would not take it personally, although you probably do not know how else to interpret it.
Because he is committed to you.
Tell them if she is still living with her parents!
I can help with a lot of sex questions.
It is great when it is the right size with all the right moves.
Do you plan on wasting time?
Decorate her car with flowers.
It helps if she is intoxicated.
When it comes to love, everything will be OK.
It would be advisable for you stop seeing your current boyfriend and find another one.
Yes, you should interpret that as a compliment.
Anyway, Chris was not that great.
Yes, I met my boyfriend online, and we have been together for six months.
You need to consider that your marriage is more important than focusing on yourself.
If you are always thinking about our recent breakup you will always be sad.
Call me and I will catch a flight.
Its all in your head, you just need to be confident.
You kiss him in front of the girl he is dating.
No, just choose who you want in your heart.
I had to think about it for about ten seconds, but I guess not.
If you are looking for a sexual relationship and nothing else, then I suggest you do not get married.
If he phones you less than he usually does, and he stutters when you question him.
Alone time with just the two of you.
Ask a woman about the best way to seduce a woman.
Roses mean love; Try lilies or something else sweet.
If that is something that someone does, the least they could do is to not to do it around others.
I could get reported if I were to tell you, so you should just Google it.
Such as if they are ugly or cute.
We are not able to stop someone from hurting.
Watch a good horror movie and you will get to cuddle and hug even more.
It is dependent on his level of potential.
It means that he's trying to make you feel loved but that doesn't mean that you are in love.
You both should not sweat the small stuff.
Sometimes, I feel like I need the courage to ask him to marry me.
If you're in a committed relationship, he is supposed to be in love with you.
If you continue to be bothered, you need to tell someone like your parents, mall security or even the police.
I can give you a dose of reality by simply having you look at this.
He is going to have to love your personality if there is a connection to be made here.
Endorphins are released when you orgasm.
If he does not bring it up tonight, do not panic.
If not, do not call her again.
It is not right for a woman to go with her guy.
You keep thinking about a person and you feel the need to be with him.
When you are prepared.
I reckon soon after your marriage, perhaps in your twenties.
Leave the two of them alone; you will need to learn to accept it.
I have discovered that men are biased towards sharing things with their more intimate friends.
She left her family residence, adopts yours, then gives it the same treatment as if it were her own.
Just ask if she likes you in that way.
Let the guy regret dumping you.
I think you should break it off now.
Absolutely no talking about old relationships!
Take action because he will look to you if he likes you.
You should dance on his lap or sit in it.
Find somebody else if he bothers you.
What indicates to them that it works?
You deserve better treatment than you are receiving.
Marriage means you will love and cherish each other until death.
If she does not flirt, then you should not.
It is because you do not like someone who is a "thorn in your side."
It blew my mind when I saw it here.
I am clueless around women.
Not just any friend, but your best friend.
You're aware of him sneaking up on you and watching you when he thinks that you're not looking.
You should purchase lingerie for in the bedroom.
Two pints of Stella and a smile.
Advice shouldn't be determined by age. Just give your opinion!
Hopefully another 15 year old will answer yes. Anyone older than 17 is gross and illegal.
Why don't you like the guys who you hang out with?
Pick the one that you enjoy being around the most.
But if other girls are involved, I would probably join him to check out the competition.
Hang in there. It is called giddiness!
Although I do not judge then, I just do not understand lesbians!
Can you please hand me some soap-powder? I ran out.
Seventeen in the summer before my senior year!
Yes he would, and it would most likely be a good thing.
Trust definitely makes the sex much better.
You should remember to be careful as most divorces in the United States are related to money.
Am I in the relationship for selfish reasons?
I never though I would find somebody to love again.
What if she is doing poorly in life?
You should run away if you don't know him.
If not, then you are very lucky. If so, then it is not good.
I have a huge sex drive and my wife does not.
Ask them if there is a reason and how should you go about fixing it.
But, I do not see mankind coming together around a camp fire to sing Kumbaya anytime soon.
Try to see if he notices you. Make even a comment like, "Excuse me."
It's the only way to be sure.
Busting his balls and his friends.
I want to know what they think about mixed marriages.
Rain drops are falling on my head.
I think its ok if you date.
Enough to see him for what he truly is besides from being attractive.
You are too young to be on here asking for dates.
Don't be impolite and expect the girl to always pay.
If he goes out of his way to hang out or talk to you.
Yes, but will she stay with him...
Do you know how to if you are with the right man?
It is a possibility that they are just friends.
Do you think he would be impressed if you have him flowers?
You should let him chase after you!
It is because you are unhappy with yourself
I have three children with three different fathers, and all of them have abandoned us.
You don't need a man to feel like you are important.
It depends on how your relationship is going.
Don't inform him that you asked that question.
I have a fear that she will leave if I don't do it.
You do it because it is what you believe in.
I do to but I can not explain it.
If you want to have your fun then fine!
To get attention and sympathy. But I am only guessing.
You could be brave and ask.
It's good if you stay monogamous and use a condom.
I used to think it wasn't a big deal to cheat on your partner.
Run away as fast as you can.
Ask her if you can call her and hang out at some point.
It depends on your age and whether the two of you have discussed marriage.
He is probably correct so leave him alone.
It tends to cause a lot of problems in our relationship.
I am eight years old and I like Tom Felton, who is 18, so how should I know?
I suggest that you listen to your heart; it will never lie to you.
If she mentioned that she just wants to be friends, then it's too late.
The reason is that he doesn't sounds very masculine.
I don't think that Chris likes mean, drunk girls that hang out with SynergyPR.
Simply tell him you have a boyfriend.
I didn't remember that I had them since I was still thinking like a child.
I would say yes, by killing the people that ruined this earth.
Just start with a hello, and do not go where ever she goes in tone.
Some people say yes, some say no.
Simply do confidently while watching out for her brother and fataher.
Try to be next to him the whole time.
Some men do that and some do not.
To be honest, men do not really care about their gifts.
On Yahoo!, newer questions get more activity.
Girls certainly do not fall for anything I say because I am a man.
A home cooked dinner is nice.
I love this fight between blondes and brunettes.
It depends on whether you are a boy or a girl.
If you are a girl, it hurts, sometimes a great deal.
I went out on a day with a guy for the last two Saturdays.
If he wants to go with me, that's good then I will be happy.
You are a Christian, and you wonder why?
I am anxious to find a girlfriend.
What can I do to get her back, and for her to give me a second chance?
It means, she has a high sexual appetite.
As far as relationships go, I recommend that you wait to date someone who is more mature.
I do not think that they are very expensive either.
There is never a nice way to tell a woman that her breath stinks.
What if he is more attracted to older women?
You do not need to know that information, because it is personal and none of your business.
Or, you can snuggle up with some good movies at home.
I need to be put in my place once in a while.
Try it once, ask a boy out and you will find out why.
If he does not, he will spank you for spanking him.
Instead, he could have just fallen asleep.
They have to respond if you giggle and say, "You do not like me."
Besides, this may drag other women.
It depends on what you did that was bad because some things are unforgivable.
You always want what you cannot have.
Do I look I look beautiful because I genuinely look like this and I am not playing.
When you fall in love, and when your parents approve your relationship.
Try reconnecting with your husband.
Excess is not good; your husband should balance his time between family and friends.
Best of luck. Look for a new partner if she is not interested.
That sounds racist, especially since I am of Asian descent.
They are not only insane, but man cannot live without them.
I do not want to be seen as the person I just described. Goodbye.
To make a long story short we have been married twenty-two years.
I would never have considered that.
You know it's good once you're able to ride it.
Improve your attitude; even if there are unfortunate events in your life, the potential for positive events still remains.
That is frequently a well-received gift.
No. If it was with another girl, then he would probably think he was in heaven.
Just continue forward, if not.
Woman, do not be scared; fear gets you nowhere. Just go to him and tell him.
I enjoy going to the cinema.
Helicopter rides over the Grand Canyon, and many other shows!
The first time I had sex I got pregnant.
And it does not mean she is a prostitute.
Yes, you will when the right person comes.
If they are with someone they really like, then they do not care what movie.
I do not think that is a good offer.
Simply try to be with her when she needs you.
Sometimes women treat their men badly and take them for granted.
Break up with him if his parents are involved.
I think that sums it up.
I think it is just one of those things that kind of just happens.
We are blind because we believe things are illusions, and do not believe what is really in front of us.
If he hinted that he has plans as well, you should casually ask him to go with you.
You could also get a Wal Mart gift certificate.  Then he can get something he wants, which guys enjoy.
I was 17 on prom night, but I did not attend.  At least I did one thing right.
It was very boring, like having all four seasons occur in one day.
You should make it special so you will avoid feel regret.
Only on rare occasion does he ask about my son.
What is your Yahoo Messenger screen name?
It is what my man enjoys most, and I feely yours will too.
I recommend that you and three friends who are women book an on-line cruise, because you will enjoy it.
See who you like or just ask someone out.
A devoted wife, what do you make of her?
There is more to life than guys.
If you can't handle it then move on.
Fine, if your single. No, if your married.
I've said before there is no reason to enter a committed relationship when you're getting all the fringe benefits now.
Avoid an argument by not setting a specific day or time, and don't beg.
You have to ask yourself if you're truly committed to this relationship no matter what the future holds.
Is there a reason you're not being intimate with your partner?
Are you absolutely certain she doesn't have a history of some kind of traumatic abuse?
Go into chat rooms that are in your peer group, and then introduce yourself.
Keep on doing what you are doing, unless you really value your friendship. But, if not, go ahead and satisfy yourself!
Yes, I do, because, the first time that I ever laid eyes on you, I knew that I was in love!
The Magic Eight Ball says, "Ask again later."
If she feels the same way, she will let you know!
Flirting with her is one option.
Encourage her to speak to you about herself.
Do you require practice for the challenges of marriage?
My significant other provides for my needs and desires.
If that isn't the case, it is unacceptable.
You cannot really tell the age difference.
Men will be unfaithful for their wives for sexual gratification, but they will continue to love their wives.
A person will have an urge to have sex and to be unfaithful.
He doesn't seem to be interested in you and will probably not get in contact.
The answer is no.
That is the first thing they look for.
I like an intelligent and attractive girl, usually focus on both qualities.
You are not a cat, you are a person, and if you think your a cat, seek help.
Just some things to consider.
Pick the one that will always be there for you and who spends time with you.
Look her straight in the eyes and keep refilling her glass.
I hate to say it, but probably not, especially since you have not talked on the phone.
Well, you have to define what types of girls we are talking about here!
I prefer a filthy rich man!
I do not think so. You can not help what you are attracted to.
It sounds like he may be the right one for you.
It is because we are not the same.
It appears you are ready, right?
I have tried to date other men and he became jealous. He did not want to date anymore after that.
There are a lot of men out there who would not do that.
Just give it a try and let us know the outcome?
Why is it that I sometimes perform acts that hurt me?
Ask her out on a date before someone else does. You have nothing to lose by asking!
The issue centers on how a person treats you
Forget about him. If he has such a high opinion of himself, he does not deserve you.
I have a slightly big nose but normal sized ears.
Do not spoil her on the first date or she will think that she has the upper hand.
Can you have sex with a person you really trust?
I got laid off and was still paying bills, but spending too much time around the house.
Even if she says it is okay, she probably does not mean it.
Wait until he makes the first move.
If you get a broken nose when he turns your way, your luck is in.
What do you think about that?
Are you referring r/n as a roommate?
You need to be honest and forthright with the person.
Please be direct with me either by calling me and asking I still love you.
When you feel as though you are prepared for marriage please keep in mind it includes commitment, trust, and love.
It is true my ex's friend and I care for each other, however that does not mean we are dating.
Get rid of him. All you are doing is supporting his ego, and nothing more.
I search for their personality, their response to me, and whether or not they weigh more than I do.
Find a way to make him jealous, and then mention how much his jealously bothers you.
Then you will not have time to whine on the computer anymore.
Love is blind because all of the negative characteristics about the person suddenly do not matter anymore.
Write a list of items you enjoy about each other.
Attempt to meet the individual you can relate to.
If you don't want to, then go out with him.
I love her, and miss her so much.
If you have an issue, you should sit down and discuss it.
Then, ask him if he will like to go out sometime.
Are you going out for dinner or to the cinema?
Yes, it makes you more flexible.
The girl would have to be a real jerk to want to do that.
Smart guy, you had the chance, you let it go.
I'm sorry if this didn't help but I hope it does.
Do you stare, smile tell her straight off or what?
Glory Road, if you want to see a man cry.
Oh my goodness, where to start?
Some girls may not like your personality but still want to keep you.
Does this video chat look innocent?
Do you ever see him attracted to other men?
I think you should do something to spice up your relationship.
Stay calm and things should go smoothly
Testosterone is the reason men don't handle emotions well.
No need to brag about your annual income.
Trust me it works, at least for me it did.
All I can say is that is disgusting.
In the summer definitely, it is hot and I love doing things outdoors. It's also beach weather.
I previously entered the question about advice I needed regarding a man I am attracted to.
I do not do anything for sex.
Most men only care about one thing and one thing only, getting sex.
He is obviously happy if he is with another girl.
In this day and age, just ask him.
When you always think of that somebody.
Hello, Friend, I hope you are having a great day.
It is like you have an addiction when you can't get that person out of your head.
They would like to be taken care of.
Go with your best judgment when you fall in love.
That most likely happened because are not a very nice person.
Then if he does not, then he does not desire you.
She will be excited that you actually obtained something different and unique for her, Ms. Orchid.
Men do not have a G-Spot, only women have one.
To love somebody is that when you see them, you lose your breath?
Females coerce them to it all of the time.
I suggest that you tr a slow dance if you want to have sex with him, or try asking him what he likes.
It is normal, however, don't take it too far and try not to obsess about the argument.
If she did No. 2, then keep at it.
Sometimes I exercise before sex, and it's actually better.
Also, let her know if she needs a sausage.
I got out of it when she arrived.
It is quite nice when a particular area is touched; in fact, it is not uncomfortable in the slightest.
Come to me if he does not answer and I will prove my intimate feelings for you for the rest of time.
It hurt when I saw him hiding from me.
One's age is just a number, so, anything is possible.
If you really care for your best friend, then, set him free.
Unless a doctor specifically tells her not to have sex, it is quite safe to do so, from now until delivery.
Sex is a beautiful thing, so, be sure to enjoy it.
Everything will be just fine if you start by inviting her for coffee and take things slow.
The last thing I want to hear is that it's not you it's me.
I can assure you that you will find out the answer soon enough.
Having intercourse only takes, at most, 30 minutes a day.
I have an odd request: Chew this apple and kiss me, I like the taste of the pulp.
Make plans without him to have fun with friends.
If you truly like that man and he likes you, too, then the feelings are mutual.
I am eighty-eght percent sure that in one of my experiements I created a temporal distortion.
Come back because they are thin but have a rounded butt.
If you were a man and you were not a homosexual, would you not be mad because women did not exist?
Why did you ask your question in this setting?
If she does not respond, it is a sign you should just go out and meet another woman.
I rented a place for my boyfriend and me, but we did not stay long, as it was sold after a few months.
Some people do and some people do not. It's all in how they were raised.
Speak louder and appear to not take notice of this man.
Have the courage to go up and speak to her.
Girls that are young can be fun and full of energy.
Do not let the age difference stand in the way of love.
I feel like I am wasting my breath by repeating myself again and again and it is tiring.
Be polite, but do not be afraid to be honest.
Sully has given you the best answer, and she is completely correct.
So receive prior knowledge of this before the other guy!
Maybe when you learn how to spell the word "virginity."
That goes for myself as well; however I am not as particular as you are.
If she wants to get married that badly, then I guess you two were not made for each other.
One thing you should never do while being intimate with your partner is pick your nose.
Use warm water and soap ... I apologize, I misheard "odor" of protection.
Keeping your feelings bottled up will accomplish nothing, tell her about them.
If you're feeling that you simply cannot trust him again, that's all the more reason.
Does physical attraction really matter if all you're seeking is conversation?
There is only one solution to this and it is not your fault.
It does not necessarily mean that.
You should give it a try.
Just come out and say it in normal conversation.
Why would you ask that without explaining what is going on.
I did it with one of my best female friends.
Why are you stressing yourself to this extent?
But make sure she does know that it is you.
But do you think that age twenty-one and older too young?
Make sure that you are taking birth control if you try both. You will not need to wonder who the father is.
She didn't have a friend in the world.
Oh, make sure you remember to do it in person rather than over the phone because it is considered much nicer that way.
But, again, do not worry about it.
Baby do not hurt me; do not hurt me any more.
Post his video and phone number on the Internet and include a message advising that he is available to perform oral sex.
When I talk to him on the phone, my voice breaks up.
Ask yourself, what are you going to do and what do you want?
First, if you are, stop listening to Pink Floyd, it is probably not going to help.
I am using my boyfriend's computer.
It sounds like my sister and her current husband.
After all, the punishment should fit the crime.
It is because you did not tell him.
I was with her twenty-four hours a day, and she just wants her space right now.
You will know if he is the guy for you.
He said I looked sexy, but had a hard time getting used to saying it.
Do not listen to what others may tell you to do.
You have either got the right ones or the wrong ones.
I am unsure if it is the same everywhere.
I may be in love and don't want to blow it.
Have full name and any possible aliases for the courthouse.
He acts different with you in public as opposed to how he acted toward you in the past.
Communication might be the answer so talk to each other.
Without trust, you have nothing.
Proving yourself a good friend, you accomplished it, and answered so many people's questions.
When asking him why he did not call, make sure to flirt by touching his arm and laughing.
You just have to realize that, get out there, and be the amazing person you are!
No, because then we all wouldn't be here.
If you swing to the left with a gay partner, you will be waiting a long time.
He has you waiting like a puppy on a leash.
He is just so beautiful for now.
He is love, peace, and more.
No, there is no way to tell.
You should ask him out or he will ask her out.
Take her to a comedy movie and be supportive to her.
Do they have an issue with it?
Would you like a naked picture of me?
If he says yes, then great!
I would not go out with him if he was too confident or egotistical.
Make up your mind and be a man!
If you have his telephone number, call him.
You're willing to do everything just to make he or she happy!
Don't lead her on, you fool.
No, I'm just joking. I live in the woods!
The person from his previous relationship is his true love.
What do you think about that?
The next week I tried calling but she did not call back.
You are in a marriage and a homewrecker and are not ambitious to find your own man?
Be careful, that is contagious.
Come here, I'll date you and am decent too. My name is sly_dogg1969@yahoo.com.
This dance is from the 50s and 60s, where dancers wear poodle skirts with long shirts.
I don't think that's a good option, you will end up losing both.
I don't get any kind of information, that's why I try to remain in touch.
In most situations, it is the gentleman who takes care of that.
The mechanic I met is happily married but is still interested in getting together.
Spring is not to hot not to cold- just right!
So if your mate  cheats on you would you consider  that okay?
If only we knew how to make ourselves look 'bigger'.
Do you love him, and do you think he loves you?
For me, I always want him to be there on my birthday. I think that's better than any gift he could give me.
It might hurt forever; but, it is something that needs to be done.
I do not want anyone else but him; that is why I want him to ask me for my hand in marriage.
Try to be more unique.
I wish I had some.
I would like to chat, but not meet in real life.
Senior graduation party in high school.
And what we want of life.
You can contact me if your are no Asian.
I guess you are young and confused, don't worry, it will all fall into place.
Women, make love to your man and ask about him often.
I am sure there are several options available to you.
When you're dating someone, you should be more than friends but less than lovers.
All you have to do is ask him what he'd like and then do it for him.
It is safe, but everyone works hard and goes to bed.
Choose a day with special relevance to the two of you for your marriage proposal.
If he cheated or anything along tose lines, then you would have a reason to be upset.
Why would I inflict pain on myself or anyone else, for that matter?
She will require you to give her money, listen to her needs and romance her.
Try it this way. Watch and wait.
Ask him. If you feel like that won't work, then go ahead and sneak up on him.
Who cares if it is the same sex; You do not own them, you are only in a relationship.
I very much enjoy the webcam girls.
I doubt that he would want to be left out.
Perhaps you should try to start a conversation.
It is absolutely alright if you really feel that your friend is a person whom you are able to relate to.
I think that personality is, because I am a funny, outgoing, and caring person.
What is wrong with wanting a woman who is over 35 years of age?
If you truly care for the man, then you will want him to be happy.
Please stop having intercourse with your closest friends' boyfriends.
There appears to be a considerable amount of unnecessary fighting within your group of friends. Perhaps you should consider finding new friends.
Three years is a long time, and I suggest he approach this with a more mature perspective.
It's possible, but it will require effort.
In order: Age, personality, compatibility, and income.
My significant other and I approach matters in a different way.
You do it for him, if you think that he should.
You do not need to say it.
No matter how wonderful she is, she is human. Curiosity will get to her and she will see through them.
His girlfriend even believes we should go out.
Try going to a gay club.
Married for 23 years and our relationship is diminishing.
That was all that there was in the next three months after that.
When you are able to find that special something you will be able to share the sky with her.
I am a man and I will answer for my girlfriend, since we read together it does add some spice.
You should ask if he enjoys being with you.
Love will continue to be honest with you, even if the truth hurts.
I think it is very romantic;such a gesture is rare in these times.
You are going to lose both of them.
You should walk right up to him and ask what his plans are for this evening.
As a man, I can say from experience that infidelity in a relationship is very painful.
If he stares at you longer than one normally should.
Choose one, be happy with your choice.
I'm a man, I dislike men who act like that as well.
It's not important to myself. As long as it's not too small.
Attempt to find out what he's not fulfilling in you. Instead of flaunting at him with the next boyfriend.
I didn't think he'd ever be interested in me.
Are there any Indian women that want to be my friend?
Only if you are interested.
This is a problem.
They both had children from previous marriages.
I am getting married and need to locate a honeymoon destination.
If the gentleman's purpose is sex, he will quickly end the relationship after he achieves his aim.
I can tell you when you find the correct one.
He would say, "Oh, definitely!"
The issue is love versus hate.  Ignore the bible verses.
I can't be of any use to you there, I'm married to a man and I've never been interested in women.
Is love out of guilt worth having?
I wouldn't have been afraid if he was only looking up adult sites.
Some girls make the mistake of confusing sexual feelings for love.
Did he see you consuming a cockroach?
At least, she told you about it and didn't try to hide it.
If you are a boy your penis will get hard, if you are a girl you will leak.
She should be able to take it.
I can't put my finger on it.
Go to best buy or your local computer store and they should be able to help you.
Yes, he would probably dump me because I might make his decisions too difficult for him.
And you feel the same
Yes. The worthiness at the end makes the difference.
Many girls want a man that will care about them like your man does.
Simply talk to him, it will help immensely.
I focus more on the girls personality.
One of my favorite gifts I gave to my boyfriends, was a basket of goodies.
Being pampered is harmless, unless they have mothering issues.
Worms, if you are a dog.
He watches too much television.
If you think someone is worth your love, choose them.
Normally, people want something that they cannot have. And because you have not told him that you like him, he probably feels that way.
She is not a nice person; why did she not break up with him in the first place?
You should ask him out.
That is how love and marriage work.
If you have something in common to discuss, that's a good start.
If she hits you, that means you went too low too fast.
Second of all, make sure it's very romantic.
You only find the "perfect" guy once in a million times - if you're lucky.
She's not around when you want her to be around.
Your husband should be spending his time with you or his male friends.
You will need some luck.
It's not your business if it's your sister.
He pays not attention to you and is always flirting with other women.
That is the only way to help you get over anyone.  You should do it, if you don't stay with him!
You should do it, if you do not stay with him!
Why should it matter what color someone is? I think it is always important that the person treats you well.
It is called a "buzz," it is called "lingerie," it is called a lot of things, but when you cheat on your partner, you can expect to be called unflattering names.
I am not a bad person. I did not break up a home.
When she asked about the flowers I told her.
It seems to me that he is confused.
Some people like to keep to the straight and narrow.
I think he's trying to manipulate me.
Because your baby needs you now more than anyone else, you should give him your love.
I was mad because, it was going so well.
Go for a tiny bit more, each time.
Have sex if you are just having fun.
I need a boyfriend.
Where is he now?
If you and your female friend are ok with the situation, then go for it.
There are two gentlemen that adore me.
How can you confirm the type of individual and what will be going to happen?
Some events cannot be taken back once it has been completed.
You should care about your job.
In reality, you would like her to come to you if he is pushing her too far, right?
If that is correct, then move on.
You will lose if you fall for their trap.
I have always believed in the motto: "the more the better."
First I would feint, then I would leave the house.
No, it is all about the way that you make it work.
Every person has someone else who they are destined to be with.
In all seriousness, you are better than this.
If you are looking for a woman, then you should not be shallow.
I do not know what else to say because it is weird asking a stranger a question like this, but I will do it anyway.
Make something true out of all of this?
Tell her that with a poised face.
By the wya, it is more normal than what you think.
If he does not start acting the way he use to then perhaps it is time to move on.
Yes, I am sorry to say but this is just a teaser.
Perhaps because you are doing something that he does not like.
Now, I don't know what to do,
Just be responsible, show her that you care about her, and speak clearly!
I don't know! Make up a good one!
I would dump her.
You just enjoy watching pornography with two girls.
What do you do, when the girl you want is in a relationship?
Sometimes you may have said something and wish you had not.
How can I get a guy to like me?
Please, do you have any ideas?
Sounds like it. Just too shy to talk to you. If you like him, then approach him and talk.
If he liked her, then I do not think it would be a problem.
I will tell you. What is her number?
Use feathers or fingertips. And just lightly caress each other all over, except, you know.
Tell him that the relationship is not working between you two and part ways.
I am sorry mom but your question is vague.
I hate age different, try another man.
You just start showing full confidence and trust him. It will return back to normal.
It is fine; Nobody cares as much as you do.
Gather your courage and say something.
If looks are an obstacle in a relationship, it is not a good relationship.
You should have sex with him.
Please say, "I enjoyed meeting you."
If he has kids, leave immediately.
Oh how sad! I wish your answer were no
Good luck! DO stay away from him.
He says he wants to leave their relationship. She treats him very badly.
After some reflection, you may find that you are not the one with the problem.
I still feel like I need someone with whom to hang out.
They pretend to be frightened, because, it relieves them of responsibility, and women are naive enough to believe them.
What if you had become pregnant?
I knew it would be difficult to tell my dad, so I did not.
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo!.
Chances are you know some, but do not know it.
Mall, movie, dinner at your place, bowling...
I understand the difficulty, but honesty will help.
Is it relevant? Regardless of sexuality, did you think you would become intimately involved with him?
This matter involving a girlfriend and a sister should not even be in dispute.
Multiracial women are extremely attractive.
Every time I would text him, he would start an argument and would say I was the one starting it.
I think it is cute to play around.
No mature guy would date five girls at a time, or even two. It is ridiculous.
Which one is your former boyfriend?
Last I was there, he was drinking alcohol, and he is only fifteen. I really need help.
You must think about your baby.
Though he got mad at you he still loves you.
If they cheated once they will cheat again; find someone else but try looking somewhere besides the internet.
How old do you have to be to buy protection? Do they ask for identification?
They were only talking you were kissing.
Trust that is something that once lost it is difficult to restore.
He was on my friend's list and had two other women on his.
I am the same age; have you tried lying or sneaking out, works for me?
That is what he wants you to do.
This question is for anyone.
Because no decent girl wants to be with a jerk.
Stay friends. If you did date him, then make him jealous.
Yes, but do not lose her. She will be fine if you just love her.
It ended up being on very hard night of me!
I am sorry she has not answered your properly!
I admire that you're a virgin still.
Is he attracted to the lady?
I like him, but he's dating a girl.
Why did the blonde's umbilicus ache?
It was difficult enough attempting to cease smoking. It didn't work anyways.
It depends on what she means, because it is a compliment if she likes you a lot.
Never lie about it to a woman.
I like him but I panic whenever I am around him.
A baby weights one pound and nine ounces or seven hundred and nine grams.
What he likes and what you like.
The reality is that lovers cannot be great friends.
Good girls are honest and they say what they think without hurting other people's feelings.
You can always get another girlfriend.
I am thirty-one and I still get looks.
Cry if you want to cry.
You just have to learn to accept each other's beliefs or lack thereof.
Did you ever really care for her or was it just a physical thing?
Well, you can tell them you went to school with them, and pretend that you know them.
If you have a mutual friend, ask them to tell him you are interested.
When you get married, it is a serious matter.
If you are unsure of it's chances of success, you should leave your current job and acquire a new one.
I will not be kissing any man that I spot, if I am aware that it will not lead to a relationship with him.
If this is true of him, then it means he has committed further actions.
In addition, I am curious if he even had love for you.
If you had a stable enough relationship, you should feel comfortable telling him your secret.
It depends, I did not see if you were a male or a female.
How do I get to that website?
I find myself asking the same question about meeting a decent gentleman.
Some people are partial to trying before they purchase.
People place far too much emphasis on appearance.
They are still family even if they are not blood.
He may be cheating on you if you think he is.
I am unsure, but it will be a shame if he is.
Unless you are married to her, your sister comes first.
I wish to share that I am a reciprocating gesture particular kind of individual.
The spiel that they have you do, and some male responded with your phone number.
You are in love, yes, but age is a number, not a lifestyle.
If you stay here, possibly not anytime soon.
I know that I appear unintelligent, but I need to know.
He is a dork.
I don't believe that counts as "moving on".
It has nothing to do with gender as men can also be stubborn.
It's up to you if I have an affair or not.
I think you like me.
You need to trust her.
I would rather not be me.
It is not pleasant driving a 1978 Ford F-100.
It may be helpful to become friends with someone on the internet until you become friends with someone in real life.
In this instance, why do I have to be the victim?
Well, that is were it is my turn.
He is my sweetheart, because I prefer the weird ones.
Inquire for money instead of presents.
I was as well, and we are doing pretty good.
I am not speaking about my father.
It depends on what you talk about with your ex.
It is a scam; there is no such thing.
You could keep it exclusively to close friends and family.
That will only annoy him and make him angrier.
I am a big fan and I do not really care about that.
Are you a good person and simply wish to have a conversation?
The majority of my friends are men.
I don't intend to be disrespectful, but I do not agree.
I'm merely 21; my husband and I have been together four years and recently married.
Does he still want you even though he has a girlfriend?
This event can be fun and enjoyable for the both of you.
You appear as though you are a nice man.
If she truly has feelings for you, you will be forgiven and she will give you a second chance.
Is it being abstinent from sex?
If you had the chance, would you?
A significant number of pregnant women feel that way.
She may have likely broken up with him because he treated her awfully.
Be patient with her.
Cheer up, and have some fun!
And, above all, like Will Smith says, go 90%, and allow her to go 10%.
I think you are crazy.
It is not you talking, rather, it is your hormones talking.
Don't use sex and your body for having fun.
I think that it is a compliment that they look at breasts and I think it is great.
To protect them from becoming hurt.
You are going to become known as a possessive jerk who no one will care about.
Does she know anything at all about him?
It seems that you do not love any of them.
He says I'm the right girl, but he is a bit too young.
If you both love each other, then does it matter how others feel?
Should I remove him from my life, or continue going over to his house? I am friends with his sister afterall.
I believe you have to ask yourself some difficult questions, such as, Can I live with this?
Before I dated him, I only dated men in their 40's. I wanted someone mature.
Best of luck, and stay true to yourself.
Maybe you should discover what is missing from your relationship, and make it work.
I have casually dated a man who is 31 years old.
From the beginning, my husband never cared about what I had to say.
Should I leave her alone,  so she will not get yelled at by her mother because of me?
E-mail me and I will let you know how big I would like it to be.
Guys are not romantic unless you make them.
Not only am I beautiful; I am phenomenal.
You feel like it is right and you always want to be around this person.
I does not mean that she is in love, but she might have a crush on you.
The roles are so backwards these days!
What would a 22-year-old man think about dating a 25-year-old-woman?
Let me say this upfront...Men often completely miss subtle hints.
I am really not interested in finding someone to date at a bar.
You need to talk to your father about this. Be open and tell him how you feel.
Women can be slightly annoying.
Chill out and make some friends.
They are anxious to jump into things.
You are in love if you are in love.
You like them enough to date them and you both have a lot of fun.
I am an attractive guy, I have no problem meeting people, and I love to have fun.
You should cheat on him and dump him because it will feel great.
I think you are awesome.
Be yourself and he's trash if that's good enough for him.
Friendships are important and you shouldn't end it.
I love her very much but I've never dated anyone.
Don't waste your time because their are plenty of other men out there.
Chances are that if he cheats once he will cheat again.
There is more negativity in your life than there is positive.
He is a cad so it is time to divorce him.
Women love a man who smells good.
You must be at least 18 years old and be with someone who is also at least that age.
I guess I should have said that it is too young, unless you are not worried about the possibility of divorce.
Let him go if you are not sure of him or are just not comfortable with the relationship.
I believe that you gentlemen need to exercise patience.
Addressing the aspect of transportation, there are 2 choices--either you or he will drive and give the other a lift.
The appellation "sweetheart" is an endearing term, indicating that one is "sweet."
You will need to make a firm request such as, "Would you please help me with this?"
The marriage vows  address the potential of finances to increase or decrease in the line "for richer or for poorer."
You should not care what others think of you.
That sort of happened to me, and took me some time to move past.
I found him in a yahoo member directory, and sent him an instant message.
Don't bother with women who are only interested in appearance, they are both shallow and immature.
Be careful of all possibilities.
Other than sex for men or women, who knows what has worked for them?
Look at how far she took things with him.
I mean, do you enjoy talking much?
Try to ask for things on the internet.
How long do you think that you would date a man before you decide to have sex with him?
Dear, it is all in your mind.
I thought of her as my friend, and I still do.
A man's guitar tells me a lot more.
It might help if you find yourself someone else.
Tell him he doesn't have it like that.
That is usually what it means.
It is on why he is cheating.
It might be difficult at first, but men come and go.
What do you all enjoy while having sex?
Make your decision and get back with me.
You should take her advice, she knows what she is talking about.
If you're proficient with any classical instruments or you can play the piano, they may be interested in you.
I'm just at a loss here, my older brother is very overprotective and it's frustrating.
My former boyfriend and some of his friends decided to play a prank on me.
You will know when his entire attitude and demeanor changes around you.
You should tell her directly.
From a child's opinion great parenting.
I would say but it would not be appropriate.
It is important to married couples.
You can scream if you want.
Females can be really odd at times.
Talk to him.
Actually, all men want to have a girlfriend, but somehow they do not know how to start a relationship.
It is difficult sometimes, however, it is always calm after the storm.
You should separate for a little while.
It's not too bad; you don't know what you're missing.
You are her husband and the other guy is just the other guy - what's confusing about that?
Believe it or not, women ask the same question about men.
You should be nice to her as well.
A person who talks and thinks and eats sweet things has a sweet heart.
I told her that she needs to come out and tell them
You can get comfortable by doing every day things
I have no idea what to wear
You are really trying hard to get a girl
There are plenty of ways to find something that she wants
If you acquire the response to the question, I would appreciate you sending it to me as well.
Converse with her so that she may know your emotions.
You are saying that you would like to continue two-timing, or even five-timing the girls?
Certainly I should ask the male out, it is acceptable after all.
Hilarious remark, and did I mention that she is envious of you and wishes you were not racing?
So, my answer to your question is, it beats me.
And they are good looking just the way it hangs down.
Do not give up, you will find him.
Disney world added some good fun to their honeymoon.
It is because they all love the bad boy.
Wow, that does not sound good, but then again I do not know your girlfriend.
What if you guys break up, then you have to see each other every day?
However, only do this if you guys are still on good terms.
Wait until the tenth grade, then give him a call.
It depends on what kind of person you are.
It's not hard to figure out.
You don't want to lose them all?
He's not having sex with you because he is not a homosexual.
Why cheat if you love each other?
Her ID does, though, and will let her know.
Grab his bottom. Guys love that.
You can, but you have to keep it professional.
I think it is for hygienic reasons, but as they say, it does increase sensation.
Since nobody else here knows what to tell you, or even cares about you.
Showing anything to guys will make them horny.
It differs from one man to another.
You should never do that to almost married people you should be a good ex.
Feel free to email or message me.
If she says no you can ask her why?
I am gay. Does that help? Please respond if you get this message, Bud.
Talk to her and find out if she likes you.
When you put your penis in, do it very slowly and make it last a long time.
Why are you still going over there?
I am married and have two beautiful children.
Outgoing people are more entertaining.
I hate cheaters but I wish you luck in love.
he was not meant to be yours because he cheated on you.
It is all wrong.
Be original and don't fear getting close to somebody.
No, I have not, but I would really like to try it.
If he is talented between the sheets, you will have an orgasm.
No, it is natural, but if you do not do it, it will be okay for you.
Or, the person that you love will not see that you love her at all.
This is extremely bad!
When friends get together it can turn ugly.
I hope I did well!
If you are truly in love, you will feel it.
It is a turnoff when girls I am with do not trust me.
I think he has feelings for someone else.
Should I encourage him to mend his relationship with his ex?
I am not qualified to judge her.
While we argue we still love each other, like parents and their children.
If you still cannot get one, . . .
It takes time to see if it is true love or not.
So you're in bed with a girl and worried about leg hair?
That indicates that he needs counseling.
It's about what is right for you.
Keeping them both will lead to problems down the line.
You need to get over him; it's the only way.
He says that he fell out of love with me.
Giving eye contact  and waving the middle finger.
Who cares, I will go out with you I am fourteen years old.
They can not make it out guys they do not know what is what.
And do not let him lie to you.
Like phone sex form your cell phone to the house.
And it is pointless to even try to understand.
If you really love the guy, then especially you should not doubt.
I do, two male cousins that are boys and on female.
That doesn't mean you should hang out with the band geeks.
Why would it be bad if you were attracted to him?
Ask yourself if you want him to be in your life regardless of anything that may happen.
You can't make anybody do or feel anything without a huge club.
I will take either one as long as they are attractive.
I feel as though we are both happy.
I would want someone with nice arms that way I will feel safe in their arms.
Please tell them to stop being annoying.
It is ok to ask, it just means you are curious.
In the end I do not know what is happening, because he starts to deviate from the topic.
It is better to have plenty than it is to not.
I am going to tell you how to get everything you want.
Beautiful women can have any man they choose and they are taking you for granted.
Don't act like somebody is your possession.
Wait until he gets back, then ask again.
When you have true love and know that he or she are the one.
When you have sex with her.
I think you should always live in the moment, enjoy.
Make this Mom's happiest day ever!
You need to ask him and see what he says.
Do not speak to this girl again.
Are there any men out there who really know what they want?
Do you really think I can't get that?
Just go up to the person that you like and grab her arms and kiss her!
He may not be like the last guy as much as you think.
What if the relationship doing well? You would have to see that person everyday.
And plenty of Chemical X if you want to have a wild person in bed.
You are a good girl just by being you and not someone else.
You will now, you should ask him.
Go outside and meet real people.
But twenty-one is too young, made a mistake I wish I could take back.
Then you will find out yourself saying that.
You would have to respect the fact that it is her decision.
You should never compromise yourself nor should you do anything that makes you feel uncomfortable.
At least you won't have to wonder what could have happened.
It's more entertaining and easier to deal with.
You should be polite and charming.
It means that she is doing something that she shouldn't do.
If you are truly in love, what is the matter with that?
Whether you are gay or straight, just enjoy him the way you have been.
Women are out with rude, arrogant, unemployed dirtbads.
Without this, there would only be silence.
Truly, love is unconditional, and real love brings out the best and the worst in you.
Try to exhibit a bit of self-pride.
Simply explain to him that things are not working and why.
To the contray, I think it is a bad idea.
Furthermore, I am certain his wife did not like it.
Is he employed, not tempermental, jealous, or controlling, and does he get along with your family?
Who cares what others think?
It goes on forever, endlessly.
From the way I see it, there is no other way for her to learn than the hard way.
Do not ever think you are not good enough.
For me, love is just a physical attraction.
You must accept the fact that (s)he is homosexual.
You should approach the matter as you would the end of any other relationship.
Just say "Hello friend; you know that I love you."
Because you have children, I assume you enjoy having babies, and perhaps this man wants children as well.
You're attractive, but if you don't have a good heart as well, you are not ideal.
Please send a picture; that one is not satisfying. Actually, because I'm of Latin descent, please disregard that request.
Take the opportunity to pursue education.
I'm simply curious; I am not yet 19 years old.
Women are always attractive.
I think this concept of female domination is not worth consideration.
Sleep or doing that?
If you are attractive, they will come to you eventually.
Explain it to her the best you can.
You remind me of my sister.
Why not try online dating?
You should walk her to the door, hug her goodbye, and then turn the hug into a kiss.
You should tell her you want nothing more to do with her.
I know that it is bad but I cannot help myself.
Have you ever been left all by yourself?
You should not get married if you are not 100 percent certain.
Make your your dog is not hungry.
You want what you cannot not.
They have great families.
It is not that hard to talk about things you both have in common.
The contrast is sexy and exotic looking.
Food can refresh you and give you strength to start over from the beginning.
It is good policy to turn your enemy into your friend.
Look for common interests to strength your relationship.
Hello, I am in the 7th grade also and I am wondering how you became involved in this situation?
Someone from the STL Club finally arrived.
Never say never. Do not lose hope.
He is not dirty, he just has too much clutter. It irks me.
There is always a way.
It does not matter if she got you a present.
Males are more intelligent than females.
Talk to your sister about it.
A cheating man thinks with the wrong head.
Make it something you do together.
Make the date to be together forever.
I doubt anyone takes them seriously.
Do not worry about what other people say: you only need please yourself.
You need not worry about finding a woman who will love you.
It is easy to feel lust towards a person, but harder to fall in love.
Often times, women are equally concerned.
I believe it is reasonable to ask him to try and see what happens.
Well, because men do think!
Man to man, I suggest you tell her you like her.
Have they changed at all, other than you now knowing?
A woman's eyes and feet are what I am most interested in.
If you like or love him then tell him, but first you must know him.
Are you considering the fact that you may have feelings for him?
There needs to be a certain amount of time to wait so that you don't appear to be too earnest.
Make sure to treat the cause of the situation, not the effect.
I did not feel good about the situation when I wanted something that would not work out.
When you are young, you need to enjoy yourself.
Stand up and fight. Forget about yourself and your moaning about.
I hope you get good results.
You should go win some money.
He swept me right off my feet.
I haven't a clue.
Because of the way the poor guys depend on us, you just have to feel sorry for them
Keep looking, and don't give up.
I am separated from my husband and I adore this new guy, however he lives in Florida while I live in Louisiana.
Instead of openly rejecting me, is he giving me excuses ?
What is the reason that I can't seem to locate her?
Shouldn't the guy be the one doing that?
If she does say "yes" then I wish you good luck.
Obviously it is, why wouldn't it be?
Self love starts with hair and fingernails massage, and you know the rest.
Not if you do not want to be.
I knew it, another good looking man turned gay, what are women doing to men?
Even if they do not admit it, I will say, breasts.
Never break up because you have been dating too long, that makes no sense.
If they like you they will not care about your looks; dress nicely though, just to invite them around the corner.
I believe that it is worth it.
Please accept that he is part of the family.
If he is interested in you, you should play a bit hard to get.
That girl does like anyone other than her significant other.
You do not have another alternative, so you have to be patient.
Atleast she will tell you if she is not intersted and then you will no longer have to wonder.
She is not worth going to jail.
I would wait for a while before asking if they are ready.
I really enjoy every chance that I have.
But I do not know how to help you.
I do not agree with the idea that once you have dated someone, then you cannot date anyone else.
No, age does not matter. In fact, I think younger men like older women, so good luck!
Send me a message on my XBox 360.
You do not need to rush. Just date one girl at a time.
If yours does, though, you should consider soap and water.
"Bad boys" are quite attractive, but are generally not worth the trouble they bring.
It is difficult to withstand times when people are discouraging.
You should pursue it, if that is what you want.
If so, then I also have a small one.
In reality, men who are undesirable consider themselves attractive to all women.
Throughout a one year duration.
You must become accustomed to it.
Inform him you are in new relationship, this is guaranteed to be successful.
Additionally, consider the circumstances if you become pregnant.
You have the luxury of viewing yourself as described by others.
That isn't the case, but your meaning is unclear.
The answer depends on the circumstance - if you're married, the answer is "yes," but if you're only engaging in a physical relationship, the answer is "no."
No, she is far too young.
You will need to have the correct tone of voice, which in this case is very sarcastic.
Love isn't about five, just one and one.
Do you love me for who I am?
Young women of mixed race are good candidates for anal sex when the have the right attributes.
How do you like your eggs prepared in the morning.
How about if we go through it one part at a time?
I love him dearly and I do not want to lose him.
Do you believe in love at first sight?
Some of them listen and do exactly what you say or ask.
Women without a doubt are Gods gift to man.
Whenever you have a poor sex life, everything else falls apart.
I believe that even short girls can be very attractive and not just cute.
In addition, they want it in cash.
I suggest that yo just relax and be yourself and do whatever you want.
If you do not, then it is already over.
It is the "bad boy" image that attracts many women; however, I prefer nice guys.
It is fun and not as messy.
Depending on how well you handle it, it can be exciting.
It is a matter of individual taste and ultimately the choice of the couple involved!
I agree with what everyone else has said, but basically, just make your reactions simple without speaking.
I do not understand why people say that homosexual men have fine taste.
There is not a single man that is attracted to an unintelligent woman.
You only need two things: passion and love.
There is still a little spark between us, it's just not as bright as it was.
Considering that the marriage bond can endure for fifty to sixty years, one needs to know whether his partner snores.
I could use some help because even though we do have nearly daily contact, we really don't know each other well.
I am a female who unfortunately lost my virginity at the tender age of fifteen.
The majority of males dream about this, and you can verify this by posing the question to them.
I have found another lover who, unlike my former boyfriend, is very sweet, and he wouldn't behave unkindly to me.
But, he is getting married this month.
Men become eroused if you touch their bodies anywhere.
Just follow your heart, no matter what other people say.
I wish that we could be more than friends.
How you use it is what is important!
I just thought that sounded funny.
It does but I don't know what you guys are talking about.
I agree, kiss him when he is not looking.
Don't act like a stalker.
Don't listed to anyone who says you're not good looking.
What do you mean by good?
You are being hurt by your love and do not mind.
But what a waste of meat.
I promise it works because I had checked several times on many girls in such cases.
Let her know if it's for the experience.
I am not the same girl that he originally met.
Wow! We probably have had one, but we just did not know.
No, because they might do it again. It is not worth it.
You'll find a better man.
It isn't because you aren't intrinsically frightening.
You should not be concerned if you have not found who you are looking for.
I am interested in the opinion of both men and women.
You are expected to have better judgment regarding ending a genuine friendship.
He is a guy, and sometimes, guys act stupidly.
You are not crazy; you cannot help who you fall in love with.
If you make her feel comfortable, then she will like you.
That is when you should call him.
I know his profile for MySpace and I am friends with him.
I have been waiting 20 years and will keep on. I know someday we will be together.
It means that he really does feel something about you.
To protect his pride I guess!
Until you get married you sinner!
In addition, don't restrict yourself to taking only what you find at work.
I'm a buy but I will give you some help.
Naturally, women are better lovers than men.
Some of them, however, are much bigger than that.
They can't stand to be along because they need someone to hang around with.
But do not let her thing you do not love her when you actually do.
Accept the break up and move on. Do not let him stay in your life!
In my experience, guys do not really like that.
Guys just need to learn that that is not all there is to a relationship.
And after sex you must talk with her on any light matter.
No. Never do that, because, if you do so, he may break your heart again.
I have experience, and it works.
All I want is a fun, caring, charismatic, and spontaneous girl to date.
Oh, you have one of those types.
Maybe, they just do not feel comfortable accepting it, or they do not like it, but are trying to be nice.
Is she not having sex with you enough, because she does not want to?
It is too bad they like skinny women.
I do not want to have regrets later.
Well, when a man and a woman love each other very much, hey wait a second.
But you are still a kid, and you just have not gained enough wisdom to make this sort of decision.
Ask him if he favors you as I have favored the same male for three years as well.
You have to be self-confident as it is not always you to place blame.
Because we have no need for such outlandish dramatic situations.
Do the research, you shall be amazed.
Furthermore, he is married, but, regardless, he is quite attractive.
I think your problems will be solved if you look for another lesbian lover.
Even at 16, I am still not ready for sex. Fifteen, in my opinion, is still too young.
Whom do you put first, you or your spouse?
Their boyfriends do not want hair in their mouth.
You will not know if there is someone else better.
I heard some guys like licking his armpits; disgusting!
The best age to start being a woman is fifteen.
I do not know why you were asking, but I do not think you are going to get much response.
First, he wanted you to quit smoking now he says when you trust him.
He says that he still likes me but is not ready for a relationship.
Ask them if you think it is worth the risk. I hope I helped!
Talk to your wife for sometime, then both of you go to sleep.
But you will have to face some problems.
If you do not like her anymore, then you can keep being her friend.
What did they do to make you upset?
Oh my goodness, please let him go.
Fight for her really hard.
One example would be having an unplanned pregnancy.
I practically drooled whenever I saw him.
Even if you never do it again, will she really be able to forgive and forget?
Ask her what her needs are in a relationship and for passion. Discuss what feels pleasurable for her.
It seems to me you need someone to pass the time with.
Age would not matter would it?
Stop and find someone else.
Sure,  I have been in virtual love lots of times.
That is where I think relationships are through.
That would not be fair to you.
You could have a better woman. Besides, we are men.
I do not know what to do.
Most confident people (women, in particular) seem to have a distinct way of walking.
I suggest you find a woman in the United States, marry her, then return to your country.
Women seem to ask that question very frequently.
Earn money for the books you require, purchase them, then attend your classes.
Be patient with maturity.
They may only be acting like gentlemen because they want to have sex with you.
If you do not discuss your true feelings then how can you expect them to know?
Most of my friends are male.
I think it would be best for you to ask her and that way you will know the truth.
I am going to go with a no.
If that is the biggest problem you have to overcome in this relationship, I expect a wedding invitation soon!
Yell at him or her and say get away from my cousin.
I would say with full lips and a nice smile of teeth.
You just have to trust her.
Just jump him. He will know you want him.
Why do girls get played by boys?
Foreplay is great and romance is awesome!
If you want 20 or more in an hour give me a call!
I take everyone seriously, also that is what heels are for!
On average I say three times a week, you do the math.
Stop searching for it, it will come to you.
How did you treat her while you were dating?
Just help me out a little please.
It is not strange to have a 35 year old virgin.
If after, you need to let him go!
I did not know that you could have that problem!
Very good question, I am waiting for answers.
Is your girlfriend there permanently?
If you are serious about this girl, you should be willing to give without receiving.
Who says girls cannot give candy, flowers or little love notes?
Say it to him very seriously, without crying.
It is as if every kiss is the first.
I do not understand your problem - he likes you, you like him - get married and have children.
Some good advice is to have fun, double date, and do not be fake.
If it is not too much trouble, avoid doing these things and see if he is disappointed.
If you have to ask, then he is not "the one."
No. I do not think that is the answer, but it does not hurt to flirt.
You will never know if you do not ask.
A penis entering a vagina, anus, or mouth; penetration, making love, fucking...
If she is then just ask her when you are alone with her.
Mmm...delicious...I prefer to first be their friends.
If by "having a boyfriend" you mean spending time at each other's houses, then middle school or junior high.
Whenever I am around her now, I feel discomfort.
It would not look favorable to others if your co-worker is your boss, supervisor, or the one you are supervising.
If he does not love her for who she is, then let him start a relationship with someone else.
There will be a sufficient amount of opportunity to engage with men at a later point.
He is my most-desired partner, and I long for him.
I'm not "beautifuf," but I am beautify, sexy, smart, and well-endowed.
Look for someone to marry, in that case.
Perhaps you would find her on the final room.
Flirting is the best sport ever.
Number 3. If you still have a conscience, then break up with all of them. Admit and apologize for your mistake.
Women have to step up and start asking guys out.
He should be out of your life!
The older you get the less difference this makes!
Despite the fact that you started the relationship with a deception, . . .
Although he is very afraid of getting hurt again, I have reassured him.  We are starting slowly with emails and phone conversations.
There is nothing wrong with exes becoming friends.
If people steal, they are thieves!
You will have to work to earn back her trust.
Do not say anything foolish before comfirming the person's homosexuality.
Tell the policy or your parents immediately.
I consider having one girlfriend and four female friends to be satisfactory.
What do you think about a man who drives a Mustang GT?
Do not let go because you may never find it again.
It means that I am going to have a heart attack in five minutes.
That way when you are finished, all of your energy for love is gone.
I need help; it has been four months!
Please do not misunderstand; I am not childlike but I am still presentable.
Okay. I see your problem. Do you understand that it is your fault for dating all of them?
To a guy, this would not be considered fair treatment.
Then, that friend can tell him/her how good you are in bed.
No way! Not in that situation. My advice is to go on with your life, and find someone closer.
Best of luck, and may God bless you!
I am happily married to somebody of a different race.
Two of my best friends are men.
I love breasts and a sense of humor.
Do you need sex on your anniversary?
I don't mean to offend you but that will kill you.
Sorry to break it to you.
I think it would depend on her personality and if they are easy.
However, God created us all ad we are all beautiful, pretty, and the like.
eHarmony is expsensive but tends to be very good.
I believe one should try it at least once in case sex doesn't happen on the wedding night.
If he has not left her yet, he is not going to anytime soon.
You could just be friends.
My wife of seven years just cheated on me.
Quit, and get a less successful guy.
I have fourteen years from Egypt. My email is senchi_muto@hotmail.com, if you want to chat.
I am ready for you.
I do not believe there is a certain age to get married. Marriage should take place when you are ready as a couple.
I do not see where you think there is a problem.
They think in their pants, not in their brain.
Besides, who wants to lead a girl on when her best friends will defend her.
That is the man I want to be.
Yeah, I've seen times like these before.
You remind me of "Sex Type Thing" by Stone Temple Pilots.
Well, ask yourself, would you rather say nothing and wished you had?
So, is it okay for me and him to be friends?
It could be that she is tired because she just had the baby.
Tell her that you are sorry that you were not meeting her needs, inside your heart you probably are.
I gave everything to him.
Must either of you vacate the house?
...however, yes, I can be attractive for you.
You can meet other lesbians on the internet, however I am not sure where you would do so, my apologies.
Write down the pros and cons of the matter, then compare them.
I think that scene contains sexual content.
Yes, he loves you even though at times you do not agree on everything.
I wish to be straightforward; I want to be married and have a child.
He engaged in bad behavior and could not face the consequences.
I'm wondering if you ever heard the saying, "you are what you drive?"
But if you are always annoying this person then just leave it alone.
Is the age difference going to be a problem.
Some men would kill for that.
Of course chubby guys can get dates!
Should I just listen to her?
If you do not know who the girl of your dreams is then stop looking.
A relationship built on a lie is not a good one.
Birds of a feather flock together.
If he is, he will think more about your looks, hair, etc.
Maybe she feels bad about something.
Oral sex while on the road.
The age difference between us is not much.
We hate it when men do that to us.
You should be honest with her.
She is trying to tell you that she does not want to break up with you but she does not like you that way.
Believe me, a man can take it.
I hope that helps, and best of luck because you are always the most important person in your life!
Sometimes there is passion but there is no happily ever after.
You have not met the right man yet.
Then we will still be ready for them.
When I try to comfort him he starts to argue and does not let me speak.
I do not understand how guys can be in to you one minute and then push you away the next.
A girlfirend of mine is gay and she would like to be intimate with me.
Nice girls would prefer to be with nice boys.
Because of the fact that he cheated on you, my advice would be to not go out on a date with him again.
But, I am into "bad boys." We go to many parties and it is fun.
Some people have problems with this, because they have problems with themselves.
Obviously because you use it to defecate.
If you have feelings for him, be honest and open with him.
With the amount of uneducated people in the world, it would be prudent to make a well thought out decision.
You must test the item before you purchase it.
Use the guide of the four c's and you both will survive if you have the will to.
Email me, and I will give you the exact answer.
Thanks for the ride, baby, get your belongings and leave.
Well, it is kind of creepy, and the guy will feel awkward.
Yes, for your emotional well being, let this unfaithful person go, you can do so much better.
These days, who do we have?
Get his attention and don't let him go.
I'm starting to get that vibe from him, do you know what I am talking about?
You can do it just to get it off your chest.
I am not afraid to, but I am 34 years old so I really have nothing to lose.
If he has cheated on women before, there is a high probability that he will cheat on you too.
It worked for me, so it should work for others.
So, do not try to hard. If you do, you will only draw a blank.
If he does not thank you, then forget him; he is a jerk.
However, many people continue gossiping about how he has a homosexual appearance.
Fort Bragg is right down the road!
If this girl cannot accept that you love your sister, she has mental issues.
Please do not worry about what happened.  It is human nature.
Have you become a better person from this event?
It depends not only on their voice, but also on their personality and how they look.
I will but only if I get something in return.
You like seeing him happy, and maybe you realized that as the reason you like him.
Do you have to be somewhere else that quickly?
I would be insulted if someone said that to me.
I think you understood what I meant.
Alright, I will admit it. I want and need the points.
You love your sister in a brotherly way, if you want her that bad.
The problem is that I have the same question you do!
If we did not count our ages, we would not worry.
I say blackmail would be awesome.
I'm joking, but just be sure that you're single.
That answer completely depends on the woman and where they are.
As long as you're both open with your feelings and your both single, that should be fine.
One of the thing you'll have to do is prove that you are trustworthy.
I would like for you to send me your photo first.
I really think the two of you should go on a date, it seems like you'd really connect.
That hat looks familiar, it's the same one I am wearing.
She is in high school and wondering the same thing.
What are some of the things that would make a girl really seem to be into a guy?
After that, we enjoyed our usual lunch date.
He is different but I would offer him an opportunity.
I have fantasies, they help me become aroused, such is their purpose.
Think back to when you were courting.
However, marrying is not yet one of them.
If you are sexually perverted, get way from me!
Should I say something, or should I just accept that not all guys are like this?
I totally agree. If you are in love, then you are in love. Do it!
If possible, try to stay friends.
I am sure he is probably just busy.
She is very shallow.
Do not do anything, just ask me to do everything.
Start with a small date such as pizza or a movie.
This is a random question that I have been wondering about.
It depends on who you are asking.
He may be the cure after all.
You should know, sir, that is a dumb idea and sex is bad when the person has a disease so use condoms.
You should ask questions about him and carry on a conversation because silence causes problems.
I recommend that you not try to pin him down and pretend that things are the way they were previously.
I believe that love is something special and rare.
You should always remember the good in life and forget the bad.
He claims he wants to leave her but is having problems doing it.
My husband is a fireman and I don't ask much of him but he helps by cleaning, washing clothes, and cooking food.
You said his name and I think you still love him.
I am attracted to women that are independent and take what they want.
In addition, when this moment arrive, do not be the first to enter the pool.
Your only desire is to hear people use explicit descriptions, as you are a pervert.
The most high quality dating website is plentyoffish.com.
It continued to haunt her throughout high school.
Contact me as I am not only beautiful, I am so rare as to be one in a million.
You should distance yourself from her, because if she is wanting to be with you she will return.
There is not any possible way to see to when it is blind.
Present him a video of you performing a sexual act with someone else.
Good girls are friendly and a little bit shy.
This game can be both for you to play that way everyone is a winner.
If your sister is just in the sixth grade, then I think she is too little to date.
Then ask him if he fantasizes about someone else while doing you.
He is my ex-boyfriend and left me, but wants me again.
I have been in love with the same guy for three years.
I just do not have any good excuse.
Those are used for intimate relations more than men are.
Can you imagine being paired up with your ex for a project at work?
It sounds like you best friend is trying to give you a test.
It is possible that we have made a mistake here.
I am not sure what your situation entails.
Please, if you find any email, then send them to me.
In other words, all these excuses are that he does not like me. So the question is, , but just for play
I do not think your outside appearance matters.
And it is true that love is blind.
The line is when you ask her to be your fiancee.
That is what I am saying. Please support me on this one, people!
Maintain it by making it routine!
If he does not respond accordingly, continue to pursue someone else.
I do not live there, but I do need to know what the area looks like.
I do not want to lose what I currently have.
It is important to understand each other and maintain communication, but intimacy is an important factor as well.
You should thank God for that.
If you get too assertive, you'll frighten her away.
Love is not blind. Love see's, it's indifferent.
Believe me, you'll understand once you're together.
She's the individual you're dating, not your sister.
I'm good friends with this man.
He may enjoy being with an older woman.
Keep in mind that no one knows I am gay.
Time heals all wounds. It is going to be alright, be strong.
Anger will get you nowhere. I hope I was able to help you.
So defiantly do not drive yourself nuts.
Especially if you guys break up and go separate ways.
Leave them alone. Go find someone single. How about, what is meant to be will be.
My husband told me to move on.
My boyfriend and husband now was to shy to do it!
Sound like a big mess.
If you are looking for casual dating Yahoo Personals are pretty good.
You should be 18 or older.
There is nothing else out there.
That's good to know. I'm a female.
If she's still the same way despite knowing that you're a decent gentlemen, then I'm not sure of the answer.
It's time that you move forward and find a man that is worthy of being with a person like yourself.
Set up an appointment with him!
Do you not like the mess or is it based on you religious values?
Have you ever been unfaithful to her?
Some say I am beautiful, but others say I'm only half beautiful.
That lady is familiar to both you and I.
It was difficult to remain friends with him.
You should let her know your feelings.
That is an unintelligent question.
I don't know him, but you can perhaps find him by searching on Mapquest.
Do not continue to dwell on your relationship with him, and move forward to other opportunities.
You could just say something like "I am in the mood for coffee."
A man has never stopped speaking to a woman because they did not want coffee.
If you do, then you will not be doing that to them.
The newest questions get the most activity on Yahoo!.
I am not a pessimist.
Make sure to put effort into it and make yourself look presentable.
First of all, men do not pick up on hints.
I do not feel very well after an evening of drinking tequila.
The woman may be extremely insecure, or she may have underlying issues.
I have had feelings for him for quite some time now, and we've been friends for five years.
it is okay to date, marry, and have children with other races.
Best of luck and do not play around with this.
If you are not then do not try to make it happen because it will turn out wrong.
If you have to ask then you are promiscuous.
Go see the clubs down at the Loop.
It is the same for me, but you are lucky that you at least have your friends.
You should call her up now and tell her that you love her.
If none of the girls decide to give you a second chance, you will have to accept it.
Who are you, some type of terrorist?
Certainly do not find a prostitute.
Give a nice kiss on the cheek to say goodnight.
If you are not like that, it is your job to prove it.
I hope this helps a little.
At twenty-five weeks along you will feel the fetus moving.
He is sweet, and you want to have a backup.
Since he sounds very insensitive, you should not allow him to be part of you life.
He will continue to act in that same manner as long as you allow him to do so.
How old?  How long has the relationship existed?
Flirt, date, hold hands . . .
A man always notices a woman's body first.  Other qualities become more important later on.
If you do not know, then you should figure it out elsewhere.
But remember, do not sneak out or lie, that makes everything worst, got it?
The best thing for you to do is tell him up-front.
But seriously, how can I check that my girl is a virgin?
It varies, depending on the man, some like legs, some breasts and some like the buttocks.
What are you implying by, "If it is not the way it works?"
Do you need something from him?
You have to perform foreplay, it is a must.
Dress for the occasion, and simply be calm and composed.
Of course, if you are like Socrates, you can obtain the best of both camps.
I know this will be hard, but be objective.
If you really love him, then you will need to deal with although it may be hard.
He makes me happy and he makes me miserable!
Guys are easy to figure out.
Anyway, it is non of their business.
Can you obtain phone numbers by going to a club or wherever?
You need some serious A.A., honey.
The following are some tips about how to attract a man that are nearly guaranteed to work: Firstly...
As far as I can tell.
If "yes," then you have nothing to worry about.
My daughter is in eighth grade, she's not allowed to date.
Men never are cheated on by women?
Question her if she's married.
If you pray, you might receive a baby.
Inform her it's incorrect. That you noticed that the preparatory children don't like her.
The reason is that often girls may not have the same feelings as boys.
What is the favorite endeavor for your girl to engage in.
Oh my, I hope you do not mean incest.
I am in love with you, and do not want anything bad to happen to you.
You should not attempt to engage to have sex with her.
If you give him what he wants right away, then he will lose interest in you before you even noticed. Good luck to you.
That is all the more reason why I do not date anybody I work with.
Are there any other options besides taking medication?
Just choose the one you like the most.
Do whatever she wants, whether you like it or not.
I wonder now why it is so hard for some men to trust women.
You would not buy a car without first taking it for a test drive, would you?
If you feel so badly, maybe you made the wrong choice?
She needs to like cooking even if she cannot cook well.
Make it confusing, as much as possible, so that she figures out what we are going through!
Can someone help me here? I have been alone for six years. It is very frustrating to live alone here.
Because I am not willing without it and my boyfriend knows it.
The problem is, she has a girlfriend and she is very kind. So I would not try.
How do you know he is the right one?
You quit staying online so long.
I have been on it and then some, and I find that reality is the best.
Sometimes, but I like it romantically, too.
Good luck in whatever decision you make.
If you do it together, it might not be scary.
Like the other ladies here, I believe it matters.
Rude people and liars are excluded from my circle of friends.
I hope I continue to engage in fun activities as I age.
I wish you the best on your journey.
He expressed that he no longer likes or trusts you.
If you're not having serious feelings for him, you really ought to leave.
It would be so very nice if someone here would be willing to give me some assistance.
As long as you have one correct name on your list, you've hit the one important thing.
I'd estimate anywhere between 15 and 17, especially if you've been with him for at least a week.
I wish I could give you all the answers, because I am feeling the same way you are.
You do not need enemies with friends like that.
I hate myself for not asking her out sooner as the guy she is with now does not deserve her.
I had a feeling that they were the right one.
It depends on how close the two of you are.
The difference is that a sadist loves pain and a masochist loves to give pain.
You should ask her why she does not have sexual relations like that with you.
If that reflects your age, let him go and keep being yourself.
If you were younger, they would be more protective.
Do you think it is a big deal?
I have never been to Florida, but you could try to use MapQuest or an atlas to find your way.
If he does not want to break up, give him an ultimatum.
Take the words beginning at word six, you will know.
Just do what your heart wants.
Some people, including myself, use it as motivation.
I feel like I am ready for love.
I wouldn't do that if it wasn't so outrageous.
I believe if you practice abstinence before marriage, you'll end up with someone special.
When you have an opportunity, be sure to give it your all.
Why do you continue to repeat something you know isn't true?
I would never have intercourse with someone I don't love.
To make someone love you, you have to show them love.
Why is that the best solution?
It is too late to come between him and the person you introduced him too.
I would like for this man to be more than just a rebound fling because I really like him.
I apologize, but that is all that I am willing to post at the moment.
Show her that your love for her runs so deeply by kissing her as though it was all that you ever wanted to do.
Do the things that will bring you happiness and joy.
Might I suggest asking him if he would like to join you for coffee sometime.
There is a possibility that he may wonder if there is anything else worth while out there.
You're my one and only women.
Don't you feel ashamed, and dirty?
Some people state I'm sexy, others I'm attractive.
You need to move on.
Yelling, screaming, and blaming is minor, to some individuals, when it comes to emotional abuse.
It is fun, and it feels good. Why not continue to enjoy it?
It is up to the girl to decide whether or not you deserve a second chance.
You will know very soon how interesting a married man can be.
If you are in a relationship with him, act sad and see if he asks about your mood.
Do not ruin another's relationship just for yourself.
It is for my daughter if I ever have one.
For some men, children who are not their own is an issues. Others do not mind.
I cannot believe this is happening to me right now.
Just come out. If you do not ask, you will not get it.
Only you and eric know.
You need to turn now to any type of support system that you have, and seek professional counseling, now.
If you have the money, yes, get it over with, and good for you.
Why do you not just get out of the house and meet someone?
If he loved you, he would not play a joke on you like that.
My friend Tommi lives her boyfriend.
Send me an email and I will respond with a photograph.
Live, love, and be happy. Also, have more children.
If you do not show your irritation, they will give up trying to bother you.
I think you ruined a good thing.
Now, I do not know if that is true or not.
Where does the passion go after marriage?
As if you are going to get it.
You should not flirt with another woman.
If all else fails, annoy them to the point that they do not want to annoy you anymore.
Perhaps you could call and ask him what is going on.
You could have told me when we were together.
Is this not what we all want? A friend that we are in love with?
I would try it, you are in love and you want to be with this said person for the rest of your life.
Well, if I were in your situation, I would have told them to go away and then never thought of them again.
The same goes for both men and women
I want you to remember that guys will lie no matter what you do.  Why is that?
Let us speak privately about you needing my help.  It is too dangerous in the public.
The shallow coat shield may go away.
One of the important aspects in marrige is sex.
If not, than she is only a girlfriend.
It is a chemical reaction, but sometimes it is more than that.
I am fairly certain that they do if it is not an absurd amount.
They are afraid that having other responsibilities such as family, work, friends, and significant others may keep them from fulfilling their commitment.
Make sure you are careful because the other person could interpret it incorrectly and then leave.
Just one. Unless of course you're a donkey.
From my own experience, no. I've wasted two years of my life trying to kepp my marriage together.
I can't say that I have personally done it, however, I know people that have.
You have to touch it gently.
You could complete it in the shower.
Tell him that you really like him as friend.
Say to the person, "I was just wondering what you think about me".
I say do not pursue him.
She said that it hurt her jaw to perform oral sex.
You should try a few different things to see what works for the two of you.
If you enter the fray without giving thought and adequate preparation, it may not be a positive experience for you.
You will be wise to behave with romance, charm, and confidence.
Are these people actually worshippers of Satan or do they only look the part, dressing in Goth style.
Affirmative, if the title contains the conjunctions and/or.
Since he is a person apart from the crowd,  he should be afforded an opportunity.
You should be fine as long as it is fully covered when wearing your hat.
I agree with the older gentleman.  It is not sexual abuse if he is just looking around.
Your kids will look spectacular!
Take the advice from someone who has already made that mistake!
I guess that once again this is my responsibility.
i would rather do it with someone else grandma!!!
they gave the right and perfect answer
Body language is when you use your body to talk to someone instead of using your mouth to
if you have a good personality then you are alright
whether he loves you or not it will happen when he or she is confused
If it is love, what is there to think about?
Me? I have six dogs, and I play for the Lackland Lightnings.
She did to me what we are going to do to your fellow.
That is how life is.
If you cannot do that, return the gifts and do not accept any more.
Worry more about yourself and less about her.
I do not know what to do, so please help me out.
I suppose it was too much if you die.
You may be a "full steam ahead".
However, if he says no without giving it any thought than it means he only wants to be friends.
You must approach and converse with them.
Inform her or send her roses.
The challenge is I do not desire to lose them all.
Men are prone to cheat when women tell lies and make ultimatums.
So you are sending mixed messages as well.
If you are not with her, do not worry. You might think it is love, but chances are it is not.
So I started assaulting her.
Do you think he will be attracted to someone else once you are dating him?
Think about it and you will realize you made the right choice.
That is the best thing to do.
This is not true for everyone!
Sometimes there are happy endings and other times there are not.
Love is the best feeling, and yet it is not good if it was not meant for you!
You cannot stop loving someone whom you still spend your time with.
Do not think about what you need to do, just do it.
Look at the log and see when he called last.
The only way to know the truth is to be told by the person whom the story is about themselves.
She told me that she thought this was good when I asked her.
You should be questioning what type of person you are.
Once you awake, have breakfast with her.
Yes, he would walk out with toilet paper, doughnuts, anything but what he was asked to retrieve!
No, I would look for the cure first.
Yes, and anyone who says otherwise is simply trying to hurt someone's feelings.
It is important for you to know the sensitive parts of her body.
You could use your beautiful mouth. That is the only time my ex would agree to give me oral sex.
It is disgusting, as if attracted to little girls.
I would have waited longer to get married.
The boys at my school are attracted to the blonde preppy girls.
Your age does not matter when you are considering marriage.
He thought it would be disappointing.
Giving her a gift shows that you are thinking of her, which is a good thing.
The girl is a selfish brat, so lose her and find someone nice.
He would have to more understanding.
That is a big negative!
People do not like to be held accountable for their actions!
Read the questions so you can get an idea of what to do.
It is always good to stick to your guns!
If you are just friends, then you should't worry about their involvement with someone else.
Never have relationships with a co-worker.
He says he wants to be with me but does not act like it at all. Any ideas?
A woman from my past makes me behave this way.
You should tell them, let them know.
You should talk to her about it.
At the conclusion, it is not important how many boyfriends have been compiled.
Sexual intimacy is a benefit of love and marriage, and if you are truly in love, it will be pleasurable.
Try to relax and the pieces will fall into place.
I am asking because I am currently dating someone.
You can trust your partner.
You should think of all the bad qualities and imagine him being bad to you.
I disagree; you should set him straight and continue.
We should consider cheating together.
It's sometimes difficult being apart and seeing your own.
If you really like him then don't beak up just because other girls are jealous.
Do not imply that all girls are like that, because everyone has a different personality.
It does not seem as though you really need that.
I really liked him, but I knew the relationship would be over if I said, "No."
I suggest "The Five Love Languages" by Garry Chapman and "Love Smart" by Phil McGraw. After that, it should be self-explanatory.
People always talk about lovers being great friends and such.
Do not give them your phone number, just say it was fun.
The only person I was the best with was my boyfriend, we have trust.
How do they cross their legs, stand, and walk?
I am disgusted with you and hope you get your life on track.
If you are sure about that, it would be so easy.
There are things that was done before and also before going out.
I enjoy the company of this gentleman.
I would love to converse with a lady.
If you must question whether or not you feel a certain way, than most likely you are not.
There are some men that prefer women to be vulgar with them.
Not really, unless it is way too big, which could be painful.
That explains why men do the same; they are not serious.
I have smoked with my grandfather, although, my grandmother does not smoke.
Do not hang out with the wrong crowd.
Everything foreign is interesting to me.
You should do your best.
They are not that close and only have college in common.
You cannot make her like you.
If you ever decide to leave him, it will probably be like him.
I really want to help you.
Women think it is cute, just do not do it in front of their coworkers or friends.
It is the opposite of good.
I did not, but I did meet a young, shallow, closed minded girl.
Perhaps he is sad to be so far away.
Go to the source of the problem and ask him.
It remains to be seen if the feeling is mutual.
Be happy, you will soon add a new son to your family.
We are not boring. Trust me.
Obviously, you do not want to lose your temper with her.
Yes. Especially so, if you know that you love them.
Try to be friends with her first.
I certainly agree with the previous poster,  jdd3636, on his answer!
Hello? Are you mad? You have to choose one, and, that is if you know what love means.
If you use sex to find love, then all you will have is a fling.
If both of you are cheating, then you should not be together. It seems that both of you are looking for different things out there.
Of course, you will not fall on first sight.
It is like saying, "Look at me!"
I've traveled widely and met many women.
You need to end this relationship because he doesn't come across as honest.
Marriage is an important step not to be entered into on a whim.
One of them is uncertain.
No one likes to associate with ill mannered people.
If it is mutually agreeable, why not indulge the impulse?
If you both want to, then go ahead.
How does one ask a girl to enter into a closer relationship?
What about finding a cute, chubby girl?
My ex-girlfriend's previous partner behaves in the same way, and my ex-girlfriend does not flirt with him.
If you believe the information is true, you should file for divorce.
In addition, you're the who knows best whether or not you like him.
You're very funny, always asking questions about family.
And she helped me to throw a party.
What ever you do, do not set him up to fail. Accept him for the great things he does do.
There are still rooms you have not entered into yet.
When he breaks up with the other girl, then you can have him.
Okay, this is a good one. Start with sharing fantasies.
If you are trying to be subtle, then I recommend not making a big deal out it.
You should go out. What could be worse?
Because he does not want anymore conversation, that is why.
You should say you are sorry and hope he will not have been humiliated.
It depends on when he had the baby.
Not all guys act the same.
Then you say I'm stressed out, can I kiss you?
I don't think so.
I love to see  them grow up and turn into people.
The best thing you can do is talk to her.
That's a rhetorical question, as if asking why men are assholes.
Such as the bills, the kids, and the job.
You should send my a picture so that I might decide if you are attractive or not.
Before asking a question, search to see if it has already been asked. This question has already been asked over 1000 times.
You should talk to him before making assumptions and feeling bad.
Leave your e-mail logged on accidentally and see what happens.
Just make sure he knows you are glad to be back with him.
Do you think I am boyfriend material?
Has your guy asked your dad yet?
You could be just as right with that approach as any other.
Just make sure that you have enough testicles.
Love everyone, because love is life. You have to love life and life will love you back, so love everyone.
You have to go where the the man that you desire is.
You're in eighth grade?
Hello, I'm fifteen years old and I'm from Texas, which is located in the United States of America. How are you?
It is difficult to trust someone who has cheated on you. You might be able to forgive, but you will never forget.
I know that most of them are not gay.
Humans do not know love, only God does.
If he thinks about it.
If the secret is out, let him make a move.
I am not entirely certain, but it may mean a three way with two females and one male.
He understands to not have sex without a condom.
Married men are not boring.
My boyfriend likes it when I please him all over his body.
I do not want a random hookup.
My preference is not to be attracted to thin women.
Try to recall what they're stating. As the fruits of patience are always rewarding.
I believe you're a sexy animal.
It's been said before, but I'm going to say it again.No glove, no love.
No more than anyone else.
I am so sorry, i wish there was something I could do to help.
You say that he is giving her something that you could not.
It is because you have a nice butt.
If your sister is like my sister, then she is in middle-school and has an infatuation with boys.
If he does thank you, and you can realize that he is a nice person, then you should date him.
If you are enjoying his love then continue with him and do not look for someone else like me.
Also, you have to realize that your father it just that; your father.
It is really getting out of control and affecting my schoolwork, but it will not go away.
If you really do love this lucky woman, be honest with yourself.
Perhaps he is with someone and it is not the right time.
You're as rare as the blue bearded titmouse.
I love her too much to injure her.
Women meet various, different types of men.
Don't be concerned. He'll receive his opportunity to be contented.
Primarily, you must know what type of man she prefers.
He is irresponsible, and you should take your business elsewhere.
If you are loving, you will be loved.
No way, ask him out on something like a lunch or coffee date, and then talk to him.
Listen, you have to maintain your options.
I have a girl to whom I am attracted.
If it is just on a friendship level, then no!
Well see if you are with the right person.
There are tons of fish in the sea though.
My life is over if that is true!
Especially if they become involved with someone.
Pronounce you reserved a table for two, then proceed to a Starbucks or such.
I would sign up there and browse for people in your vicinity.
Yes, I agree. People lack commitment.
If you are unattractive, women will not give you any love.
My understanding of online dating with pictures is that one can obtain a background and a photo of a particular person.
I've heard that girls like someone who is funny, caring, and honest.
Who cares? All she will ever be known for is providing sexual favors for Bill Clinton.
I really think sticking to dating one person at a time is the best thing for you.
You should apologize to him with a peace offering of a couple cups of coffee.
The last thing you should do is kiss and tell, be a man about it.
I'm begging you to give me some advice on how to best handle this situation.
If you're considering being promiscuous, you're probably guilty of already doing something inappropriate.
Why yes, I am 200 years old...is this joke good enough for you?
It really depends on what type of person he is, but generally, if you're at ease I'd say yes.
You should always keep your friends close, but your enemies closer.
If things work, you could end up being a father to his children.
My religion prevents me from consenting to premarital sex or even kissing.
Because I am a boy, believe me. We like something nice, especially on first dates and things like that.
Sure, if you are a Christian.
For me, the hitter ones are the good ones, because they have an attitude that a girl likes.
Your boyfriend is stupid. Tell him you are bisexual, but that you would never do anything, since you are with him.
It may not be worth it if he is fickle with his answer.
You are to use the middle finger when you are feeling annoyed.
Love can withstand time, even if it means forever, if she truly loves her.
The Asian population has a tendency of being highly intelligent, therefore, a billion Chinese citizens cannot all be wrong.
I do not seem to have any luck when it comes to dating.
If you do not want to have children, then stay single!
Even with all the, I have a hard time trusting anything she says.
How can I find out if my husband has a voice mail code?
I suppose, It depends! I could be either she can not get rid of you or she likes being stuck with you! Lots of laughs.
There is not a thing like lesser or greater love.
Because if sexual intercourse is not involved then it's perfectly legal, regardless of the age.
Forget it and walk away; he belongs to someone else and there are plenty of unmarried fish in the sea.
In time, you'll discover what you need and what you don't and it makes things very easy.
Sure, you can email me at martha95355@yahoo.com, I can use advice from a male perspective as well.
Forget the other guys for now.
And with the truck, he could pull her horse trailer!
He is too young to think straight.
And how would you marry her if you are a girl? But if you do, she will cheat on you also.
The liberals do it everyday. Why cant you also?
If it is bad, then discard it.
Well, why did you break up with them?
It depends. If you are losing it, then you will be hurt. Life is a love. Love it.
Buy her a bracelet or something you know she has been needing or wanting.
I gave freedom to the person I love and she did not have to ask for it!
Why did the two of them split?
Does she still do you favors that you cant let go of?
We always fight because I never get help with the baby or the house.
Here is a link for singles to chat... good luck!
I would say wear a long skirt or a nice pants suit.
You are my pawn, and I will move you how and when I feel like it.
No, i would not consider having sex with anyone else after we are married.
I am really nice; I have blonde and brown hair, I love dogs and soccer and I want a boyfriend.
Sex is great, but true love is out there.
I like Chris Brown, but he is too young for me.
I do not think so, but I am fifteen myself.
Not your average joe and attractive to gay guys.
If they do not accept that they are just friends, then I break up with them.
Dear, there is no such thing as love at first sight.
It is because she had a blonde boyfriend.
Run and tell all your friends to run.
You do not. You can not. You move on and learn from your mistake and not make it again.
You have nothing to worry about.
Do what you are doing now. Acting like an innocent sorry lady. Flirting is natural. It is ugly when nurtured.
I still love my husband, but only the good and not the bad.
I would not change the fact that I am an well-endowed male because women seem to really enjoy it.
I have to agree with what Rock Nate said, "Follow your heart; If you truly love him, you will wait".
You are correct about Chris Brown; About your friend, you should email one another.
Why do these men act this way?
Honestly, being the age you are, it may be difficult.
Tell him you just wanted a conjugal visit.
Bring a friend with you for protection.
I say yes, so are you still looking for someone special to marry?
That has always worked for me.
Goodness, I know what you mean.
Do not be mistaken, sexual intimacy is not always related to love, but marriage is a man and woman together.
Do not argue or be dishonest about it.
Choose the partner you like the best and will stay with you long term.
Those who look at that content are not intelligent anyway.
Do not limit yourself to a single one.
No male wants a spouse that doesn't prepare meals.
If you had great sexual relations, why wouldn't you want that again?
John Duck is located at 6271 Sixtconcession North Augusta, ON K0G 1RO. Phone number is (613) 926-1643.
When things happen, you consider yourself blind.
Fist of all, you can't force a female to be interested in you.
It is shorthand for a threesome, two females and a male. Its lots of fun too.
Personally, I don't like it all bald.
Be patient; we grow out of it and mature.
It is time for you to decide, right here and now.
It is a combination of factors; Girls love a person with a good heart, but also good looks.
I have no idea what to get her!
If he is that bad, and counseling is not an option,  just tell him.
I wish you the best.of luck in your life and with your other half.
Put some anger behind your voice.
It is okay, as long as she is not a dude.
It sounds like you have a good chance.
Columbus experienced this, and only one of his ships sank, correct?
You should smile, you have a great deal to look forward to in life.
Would you like to be intimate with him?
It is possible to have some postpartum depression, or it might be worry about getting pregnant soon after having a child.
Please inform her that you would like to go on a date with me.
I spent  $5.000.00 on my dress!
The one who makes you feel special, of course.
What can you do about it?
You could, but wait and think about it.
How many times will this be asked?
Yes, it is important in a relationship.
Primarily, think of the way you act with him.
Or a man who paints his nails and operates a Lexus?
Are you being agreeable to her?
That is what I call lust.
For religious reasons, there are so many people that are not as strong as you are.
I have never had this type of connection with another person like that.
Look it up in the dictionary.
I do not know if you mean will I ever have an affair, or will I ever get over it
Just to find out my girlfriend's thoughts about me.
Why can it not be the other way around? Men do it all the time.
Is she going to get jealous of your mother?
To get a wife from the USA, you simply have to travel to the USA!
Love is a warm feeling inside of you!
It will effect you on the next time you have intercourse.
If I were you, I would not play his games.
Be yourself, do not ask her how her day was, what if it was bad?
From my guess, you want to talk to a girl?
I am not donating it!
Do not try to transform him into a person that he is not.
Watch the movie "The Wedding Crashers" and then learn from it.
Trying opening up with a suggestion of asking someone to join you both in bed.
That man makes me feel special.
You can not feel it at the moment.
He was jealous, need, and would get upset if I were to talk to anyone else.
Try spending time with your good friends and go shopping.
I started to become jealous of that man she started to be with frequently during work.
Can you tell me what your dream girlfriend would be like and her personality?
Should I break up with this girl?
I do not understand why she would be jealous of your sister.
I do not know about other men, but it is nice to have a lady approach me.
I disagree; you should be confident and willing to display it in front of other women.
Does she love him, or even like him for any reason?
I do not care if I come across as disrespectful; you need to accept this.
He gave His life; is there anything more He could have given?
I can tell you right now that he is an very bad person.
And no, I will not share her.
Because you will just have problem.
That is a game children play, the two of you shouldn't be behaving like that.
You should keep your personal information private, because you don't know what type of person you're talking to.
I suppose if I like the man and it's romantic, I could say I'm ready any time.
Why do you think your brother would get mad at you?
He dribbles, he shoots, he scores, two points!
I have clam-baked my bathroom with my grandma.
Wait to see if you guys are meant to end up together, it will happen.
You should do yourself a favor and wait!
The main item in a man's brain.
You love your daughter, give her your consent.
Go, when you're not busy with classes.
Men are mostly much shyer these days.
Or maybe they like the style.
No matter what your actual age is, admit what you have done is immature.
I was age 16 and wish I would have waited.
First of all, do not kiss her if she has had a bad day.
Most of the young guys I know like dating older women.
Come on, ladies; Does penis size really matter?
Just relax and be nice.
Yes, it is true. If you do not mind, I want to kiss you!
I'd like to let you know that you're a unique person.
I can only be intimate with someone who is lazy, and you don't quite fit the bill.
I waited until I was 17 to have intercourse for the first time.
Don't miss your classes, but I think you should try to win money for your book costs.
I'm sorry, I am having a hard time understanding your inquiry.
Just say, "I just want to now! Do you like me as a friend, or something more?"
In the long run, she will find out, just like I did.
I couldn't sleep, and she said that she loves me, but she is so confused, and she started to cry.
I think you may be homosexual.
Even though, you know that you need to.
That would probably make it all okay.
Calm down, he was probably busy.
If she has bail money, she is fine by me.
Do not ever tell her anything negative about your wife.
Is there anyway to get her to forgive me?
Your conscience makes you regret doing something after you have done it.
Listen to your heart; Listen to your hormones.
You need to see her in person and speak with her.
Is he much older than you are?
Of course, it depends on what type of relationship you are searching for.
Wear a sign that say "Hi!"
I do not like when guys play games with me.
How old are you?
If you watch her, you might be able to learn what she likes to do.
