YES MEN DO CARE ABOUT WOMEN FEELINGS...THE GOOD ONE'S ANYWAY.
Yeah, here some, skip the small stuff.
if he's lieing about that just think what's else he lies about .
Think about what he likes and what he likes to do.
either when your married or when your ready and with someone you truely love
FEEL IT ,KNOW IT,THINK IT, DREAM IT, INVITE IF ALL THESE FIRST AND FAL IN LOVE
Same reason guys cheat on girls...monogamy is really kind of going against the grain and can get really boring.
But if you ever find it, send it my way!
The minute some other girl picks up the shirt you want it even more.
I mean they couldn't make a better porn movie.
If you love him that much then stay with him and forget about marriage.
if he's in a relationship, dont go there,.
I know it's hard but girls like a guy who plays hard to get.
realize whats really going on and learn from it
I USED to...it was fun my friends and i even wrote our own !
Age doesn't always play a big part unless it is like 15 and 23..then it would be illegal.
your tell her you like her
And I really don't care, I'm not jealous--she can have him and his lies.
too many people have unprotected sex and have kids when they are still kids themselves...
That'll depend on what type of girl your looking for.
But anyway, I do not brag my son around because I know it is annoying to people.
THATS WHY MY NOSE HOLES ARE NO LONGER HOLES, THEY HAVE FILLED IN FOR GOOD.
i would not take it personally althought you probably dont know how else to take it.
HE IS COMMITED TO YOU THAT'S WHY.
If she is still living at home with her parents tell them!!
I can help with lots of sex questions
a just right size with all the right moves is where it's at!
How much time are you gonna waste?
put flowers all over her car
If she is drunk that helps.
Love is knowing that everything is OK!
You need to quit wasting your time with this guy and find one.
yeah take it as a compliment
Chris was not that great anyways.
yup, i met my bf on line and we are still together after 6 months
SUCK IT UP ... there a world outside of YOU .. its called your marriage !!
If you r always thinking about the break-up, then you will always be moping around.
call me i will catch a flight :)
It's all in your head, you just need to be confident.
u kiss him in front of the girl he's dating
no, just choose who you want in your heart
I had to think abuout it for about 10 seconds but I guess no.
If u r looking to have sex and nothing else, I suggest u do not get married.
if he calls less than usual and when you question he studdas
alone time, just the two of you
ask a lady which is the best way to seduce a woman..
roses mean love try lilleys or somethin sweet
If thats something someone does...the least they can do is not do it around others.
I would get reported if I told you so just Google it.
LIKE IF THIER UGLY OR CUTE
we cannot stop someone from hurting.
Go for a good horror movie, you will get more hugs and cuddling  :)
Depends on how much potential he has :).
he's trying to make you feel special and loved, but that doesn't mean that you are in love.
There's a great little book that you should both read Don't Sweat The Small Stuff.
And sometime i fell like i need to ask him to marry me.
If he is your b/f,then he's suppose to love u.
if they keep bugging you tell your parents, the mall security, a police officer.
If you want a reality check, then look at this.
But if there is to be any connection, he's gonna have to love your personality!
endorphines are released when you orgasm
Now, if he doesn't bring it up tonight, that's okay, don't panic.
If not don't call her again.
For women and their guy going ....that just ain't right.
wen u kip thinkin bout the person and you feel the need to be wid him.
when you are good and ready!
i'd say like right after u get married ----ur twenties??
just let them two do there thing and you will just have to learn to live with it.
i find that guys are more likely to share things with close friends.
She leaves her parents' home n adopts ur home n treats it as her own.
Some women are moody , just ask if she likes you in that way
let the guy regret about dumping you.
it sounds like you better break it off now.
absolutely no talk about ex's, yours or hers!!
get on with it.. if he likes you im sure he'll look to you.
shoot idk give him a lap dance or at least sit  in his lap
if hes really getting to your nerves find somebody else.
how do they know what works?
you deserve to be treated better than that!
to love and charish until death do you part.
If she doesn't flirt, then you shouldn't either.
Because you don't like a pain in your butt.
I saw it on here somewhere and it just blew my mind.
I have no idea what to do around a girl.
and not just any old friend, but your best friend.
But u know when u find him sneaking peeks at u when he thinks u're not looking.
you should buy yourself something very sexy for in the bedroom.
2 pints of stella and a smile
advice isnt by age give ur opinion!
hopefully another 15 year old will answer yes...anyone older than 17 is gross and illegal.
Why don't you like the guys who you hang out with?
pick the one that u enjoy being around the most.
but if other girls are involved, i'd probably join him to check out the competition.
Hang in there it's called giddiness!
be a lesbian although i dont look down on them i just dont understand!!
I ran out of soap-powder...can you please land me?
17 the summer b4 my senior year
Yes he would, but chances are that would be a good thing.
Definately trust, it makes sex much better
just remmber most od the divorses in the usa are related to money sooooooo be smart
Am I in the relationship just for what I can get out of it?
well i never thought that i could love someone again.
What if her life is not going so well?
u should still run away unless u new him or her because he&#92;her might b a stranger
if not, then you are very lucky, if so, then it is not good
i have a huge sex drive and my wife does not.
ask them if theres a reason, and how should you go about fixing it.
But I don't see man coming together around a camp fire to sing Kum Ba Ja anytime soon.
try to see if he notices u. make even a comment like excuse me.
its the only way you can be sure.
busting his balls and his friends balls.
I WANT TO KNOW WHAT THEYthink about mixed marriages
the rain drops are falling on my head.
I think its alright if you date.
Enough to see him for who he really is besides hot!
you are to young to be on here asking for dates...
But, dont be a bum and expect the girl to always pay.
if he goes out of his way to hang out or talk to you.
sure, but will she stick to him......
U know how to see if your with the right guy???
its possible that they are just friends.
do you think i guy would be impressed if  you gave him flowers?
u should let him sweat u!
because you're not happy with yourself
i have 3 kids, with 3 diferent dads, and none of them want much to do with us.
you dont need a man to feel inpotant.
i dont know.....it depends on how is your relationship!
dont let him know you asked that question
I'm afraid if I don't she'll leave.
you do it because its what you believe in.
I do to but I can't explain it
If you want to have your fun - fine!
to get attention and simpathy but im only guessing.
no or you can be brave...and ask.
if you stick with one partner, and use protection, then it's not bad, it's good.
Honestly, I used to think it was never a big deal to cheat on my boyfriends.
RUN IN THE OPPOSITE DIRECTION AS FAST AS YOU CAN!!
ask her if you could give her a call and get together sometime, or hang out.
well it depends on how old u are and what the both of you have discussed regarding marriage.
hes probably right Dont get him>
IT CAUSES A LOT OF PROBLEMS IN OUR RELATIONSHIP.
im 8 and I like tom felton and he is 18 how should I know
LISTEN TO YOUR HEART IT WILL NEVER LIE TO YOU!
If she has said she just wants to be friends it is already too late.
because he sounds like a pus.sy.
I don't think Chris like mean drunk girls that hang with SynergyPr.
just tell him you have bf .
I mostly forgot that I had them since I still thought like a little kid.
i think yes,by killing the people that ruined this earth
Just start with an hello, DOn't go where ever she goes.
some people say yes and some says no.
just do it with confidence and watch out for her dad and brother.
or be next to him the whole time
because thats the way of men some do and some don't
Honestly, guys don't really care about their gifts.
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo!
I'm a guy and girls certainly don't fall for everything I say.
a home cooked dinner is also nice.
i love this fight between blonds and brunnets.
it depends if you are a boy or a girl.
If you are a girl it hurts (kinda a lot).
i went on a date with a guy last 2 saturdays.
But if it's good then I'll be happy if he whants to go with me.
If you are a Christian & you wonder WHY???
I need a girlfriend pretty badly.
what can i do to get her back and to give me a second chance.
it means she is sort of a whore
wait for atleast someoen who is mroe mature relationship wise.
I don't think they are terribly expensive either.
there is no such nice way to tell the girl that she has a bad breath.
and what if he is attracted to older girls.
you don't really need to know this bc it's personal, and none of your biz.
or you can snuggle up with some good movies at home.
oh, man lol  I need to be put in my place once in a while.
Try it once, ask a boy out and you will find out why!!!
If he does not, he will spank you for spanking him!
Hell, he could have just fallen asleep.
you dontttt like me and gigggle  they have to respond
Besdies this might drag other girls.
it all deppends what u did that was so bad becouse some things are unforgiveabal
You always want what you can't have.
Do I look Butiful I really look like this  I am not Playing
when u fall in love and when ur parents approve your relationship.
TRY TO RECONNECT WITH YOUR HUBBY.
any excess is bad whatever it is your husband should  balance his time between family and friends
:) Good Luck and if she is stuck up, find a new girl.
that sounds racist.. at least for me since i'm asian.
they are not only unsane,but their the ones that man can`t live with out.
Since I don't want to be the person I just described...BYE-BYE
to make a long story short...we've been married 22 years
hmm never would have thought it...
Once you could ride it that's when you know it's good.
Cheer up bro, no matter how bad things get in life there is always something good awaiting you.
That is always a great gift!
NO HED PROBLEY THINK HE WAS IN HEAVEN..IF IT WAS WITH ANOTHER GIRL
if not honey just keep on keeping on.
girl don't be scard .scard get's u no wher .just go to his face and tell him
I love going to the movies.
Helicopter rides over the grandcanyon lots of shows!!!!
The first time I had sex i got pregnant.
and it doesn't mean she's a whore.
yes u will when the right person comes
If they are with someone they really like, they don't care what movie.
I don't think THATS a good offer.
simply try to be with her when she needs you.
Sometimes women treat their man wrong and take them for granted!
DROP HIM IF HIS PARENT SARE INVOLVED.
i think that will sum it up.
I BELIEVE IT'S JUST ONE OF THOSE THINGS THAT KIND OF JUST HAPPENS!
its blind because we believe an illusion and not what really infront of us
if he gave you a hint that he too has plans.. ask casually.. why don't you go with me?
You could also get a gift certificate for Wal Mart...then he can get something he wants(guys like that)
17..on prom night but i didn't go to prom..lol at least i did one thing right
Worst: All 4 seasons (in one day), kind of boring
make it special so you wont have any regrets.
maybe every once in a blue moon she will ask about my son.
you got a yahoo messanger screen name?
!if that is what my man likes the most,urs will 2!
So go get 3 of your best gal pals get on line and book a cruise...you will love it!
see who you like or ask someone out.
A devoted wife what you make of her.
Second there is more to life then ott guys...
And if you can't handle it girl, then move on.
Fine if your single,  NO if your married.
Like i always say why buy the cow wen u can get the milk for free!
why would you want that auguments just start you dont set a date or time or say please.
Am I committed to the relationship no matter what?
why arent you having sexual relations with your partner?
how certain are you that she wasn't sexually or physically abused?
GO INTO CHAT ROOMS THAT ARE YOUR PEER GROUP......INTRODUCE YOURSELF.
keep on keeping on, unless you really value your freindship, but if not, nut away!
Yes I do, because the first time I ever layed eyes on you, I knew I was in love!!!
Magic eight ball says ask again later
If she does, she will let you know!
Flurting with her is one way.
Get her to talk to you about HER.)
do you need practice for the hell that is to come - marriage ?
my boyfriend gives me all that i need and all that i want.
If not, no its not OK.
old of difrence, but u cant really tell
MEN CHEAT ON WOMEN JUST FOR SEX BUT THEY STILL LOVE THEIR WIVES.
and has a urge to have sex and mess around.
he dont want you and he aint neva gonna call
No, you son of a bitch.
that is the first thing they look at.
i donna i usually focus on both i like a smart and pretty girl
Your not a cat, your a person, and if you think  your a cat, seek help...
Just some things to think about.
Pick the one that will always be there for you and who spends time with you!
look her straight in the eyes......... and keep refilling her glass.
I hate to say it but probably not, especially since you have not talked on the phone.
well, u gotta defind what types of girls we r talkin about here!
I prefer a filthy rich man!!
i don't think so, you can't help what you are attracted to.
Sounds like he may be the one!
because we are not the same
i guess u are pretty down now right?
i've tried to go out with other guys, he was jealous,but didn't want to get together again.
but there's many men out there who won't.
Just try it and let us know how it goes!
Why do i sometimes do things that hurt me?
ask her out before somebody else does.you have nothing to lose until you have it!
it about how a person treats you.
never mind him if he thinks his all that he doesnt deserve you.
i have a slightly big nose but not big ears.
Don't start spoiling her on the first date or she'll think she owns you!
?--so u can do it with a person u really really trust
well i got laid off and was still paying the bills but spending to much time around the house.
Even if she says it is ok, she probably doesn't mean.
Wait til he makes the first move
If you get a broken nose when he turns your way, your luck's in ;)
what do you think about that?
What do you mean by r/n - roommate???
just play your cards right and be honest.
Or just pick up the phone and say Do you still love me?
when you want to get married which include commitment, trust , love, etc..
Its not like my ex's friend and I are dating, we just like eachother.
You  prop up his stupid ego and that's it- get rid of him.
i look for there personality and how they respond to me.and that they way more then me
find a way to make him jelous and then mention that it bothers you.
and you won't have time to whine on the computer anymore.
love is blind because all the negative things about that person suddenly don't matter anymore.
Make a list of things you like about each one.
go for the one that u can relate most to
if you don't wanna do that,then try hanging out with him.
I miss and love her so much...
If you have a problem, then, sit down and calmly talk about it!
then ask him if he will like to go out some time.
going out for dinner or to the cinema
yes it makes u more flexible
the girl would have to be a real jerk to want to do that.
smart guy, you had the chance, you let it go.
So, I'm sry if this didn't help but I hope it does.
do u stare,smile,tell her str8 off,or what?
Glory Road...if u wanna see a man cry
Oh my goodness, where to start???
because some girls may not like your personality but still may want to keep u
In this web cam chatting innocently.
Do you ever see him eyeing other men?
i think u guys should some what spice your marriage.
just stay calm about it and hopefully everything will go smoothly.
guys dont do well with feelings because of testosterone its that simpel
:) No need to boast about your annual income.
trust me it works, for me it did anyways.
All I can say is YUCK!!
Summer definetly, it's hot, I love doing things outdoors and it's beach weather.
I previously entered the question about the advice i needed about the guy i like.
I don't do anything for sex.
Most men only care about one thing and one thing only .. getting sex.
he is obviously happy if he is with another girl.
in this day and age just ask him.
when u always think of that somebody.
Hi Friend, I hope you are having a great day.
like u addicted to something, he/she can't get out of your mind.
they want to be taken care of!
just listen ur heart when u r in love.
it is probably because you are a mean...
then if he dont, then he dont wont u
She will be excited that you actually got her something different and unique :)   :) Ms.Orchid
men don't have a g spot only women do.
to love somebody that when you see them, you lose your breath?
females push them to it  all the time
TRY A SLOW DANCE IF YOU WANT HIS MEAT... OR TRY ASKING HIM WHAT HE WANTS...
its normal.... but make sure you dont take it too far, and try not to obsess about the argument!
If she did #2...keep at it!
sometimes i work out before sex and it's actually better.
and tell her if she needs a sausage .
when she arrived, i jumped out of it, lol
Oh no its not uncomfortable at all...its really quite nice...hits the g-spot...its good
if he does not answer, come to me i'll love you forever.
i saw 'him' hiding from me... ouch...*cries*
age is just a number....anything is possible
if you really care for your bestfriend, just set him free.
Unless the doctor specifically tells her not to have sex...it is totally safe all the way up to delivery.
or what ever else you feel.sex is a bueatiful thing so be sure to enjoy it.
just take care,,,invite for coffee...slowly ask her phone no..she will judge u then...everything will be fin..
DON'T say its not you it's me!
u will find out soon enough i promise
sex is only max 30 min a day.
here chew an apple and make out with me, i like the pulp.
then make plans to have fun with friends without him.
if u really like that guy and he likes u too and the feelings are mutual.
1.i'm 88% sure that i started a temporal distortion for  four hours,...in one of my experiments...!
?..just curious.. i mean..skinney but a round butt..just some back
well lets see if you were a guy and you weren't gay,wouldn;t you be mad bc women didn't exist?
Ummmm....why did you ask this here?
If she doesn't respond then you just have to find another girl.
i bought for my bf and i. and barely even stay there sold after a couple of months
some do, some dont its all in how they were raised
talk louder an appear not to notice the guy
have the guts to go up and talk to her
young girls can be fun and energetic.
Not letting the age difference get in the way of love!
Well Im tired of repeating myself over and over, I feel like Im wasting my breath.
use good manners but don't be afraid to be honest.
Sully gave u the best answer... she is totally right.
So get the heads up on this before that other guy does!
maybe when you learn how to spell virginity...
me too but i aint picky like you.
If she wants to get married that bad then I guess, you guys are not made for each other.
the last place you should be picking your nose is during sex
warm soap and water.......oh i'm sorry i thought you said an odor of protection.....
i think you should tell her what you feel!!!
Especially if you feel you couldn't trust him no matter what.
I cant understand, if you want a chat mate does it matter if he/she is hot or not?
there is only one solution forget what's going coz its not ur fault u r right in ur place.
Nah, it doesn't nescessarily mean so.
Why don't you give it a try?
when your talking about normale stuff just say it
why would you ask us that w/o telling us whats going on?
I did it with one of my best girl friends.
Y r u stressing yourself that much?!
But make sure she doesn't know it's u.
but is 21 and up too young you think?
make sure your on the pill then if you try both out you wont wonder who the father is
she didnt have a friend in the world.
Oh, remember, do it in person, not on the phone, it is much nicer that way.
But again, don't worry about it.
...baby dont hurt me, dont hurt me... no more.
put his flick on the internet, and say that he is avavailible 2 suck dick with his phone#
when i talk to him on the phone my voice cracks.
ask yourself whatcha gonna do, and what you want.
First off, if you are, stop listening to Pink Floyd, they are probably not going to help.
i am using my boyfriends computer
This sounds like my sister and her now husband.
after all the punishment should fit the crime!
bcuz u did not tell him?
i was with her like 24/7 and she just wants her space right now.
you will know if he is the guy for you.
He will say I look sexy, But he had a hard time getting use to say it.
Don't listen to anyone else tell you what to do.
y'all either got the wrong ones or the                                 right ones.
Not sure if it is the same everywhere.
i might be in love...i dont want to blow it!
), and full name and possible aliases at the courthouse, though.
the way he acts with you in public vs the way he use to act.
TALK WITH EACHOTHER MAYBE ALL YOU NEED IS COMMUNICATION
u have to have trust or you have nothing
!YESSS YOU DID IT AND ANSWERED SO MANY PEOPLES QUESTIONS.. YOU MUST BE A GOOD FRIEND..
Give him a love tap on the arm and giggle while asking why he didn't call.
So all you've gotta do is realize that, get out there and be the awesome person you are!
no because then we all wouldnt be here
if you swing to the left with a gay partner you be waiting a long time, :)
hes got you waiting like a puppy on a lease .
(for now)  he's just so beautiful....
he is love , peace etc.
No, theres no way to tell.
Ask him out, or let him ask her out
Take her to a funny movie and just be there for her
do they have a problems with it?
Would you like naked pix of me?
If he says yes, then great!
I wouldn't go out with him if he was a show off and acting like he is all that!
make up your mind and be a man!
if youve got his # hit him up.
and u r willing to do everything just to makehim/her happy!
dont lead her own you jerk
Nah just kidding I  live in the Wood!
also his ex is his first true love.
what do u tihnk about that ?
The next week, I tried calling and she didn't call back.
so you are a marraige / couple wrecker huh, and your too lazy to find your own guy huh?
b carefull man that thing is contagious.
come here spunky .....  ill date you honey.....im decent too!sly_dogg1969@yahoo.ca
its  old 50 and 60 dance.with the poodles on the skirts and long shirts
No,cause u'll end up losing both.
i dont kno anything thats y i alwys try to stay in contact!
Usually, it is the guy that does that!
this machinic is happily married but wanted to get together.
Spring.....hopeful, sunny, bright, not to hot not to cold - just right!
So if ur mate cheat on u would u consider that right.
if only we knew how to act to make areselvs look 'bigger'
Do you love him?Do he love you?
For me,I always want him to be there on my birthday.I think thats better than a gift.
Even if it means hurting forever.
I want him to ask me to marry me because i dont want know bother but him.
If you aren't then be more UNIQUE!!
Hell ya, I wish I had a few of them..
To chat - Yes To meet in real life - No
18. senior grad party in highschool.
N WHAT WE WANT OF LIFE?
u can contact me.. only if you are not asian...
i guess u are young and confused don't worry it will all fall in place.
Women: Make love to your man, ask about him often, etc.
sure there are plenty of them!
but dating should be a stage where you are more than friends and less than lovers.
Ask him what he wants & do it for him!!
it safe but everyone works hard and goes to bed.
Ask him/her and get married on a special day which you 2 like.
Unless he cheated or did something like that then BE MAD!!!
Why would I hurt myself, and someone else???
money listen to her needs and romance her to death..
Try this way, wait and watch.
ASK HIM OR EVESDROP ON  HIM DUH
Same sex so who cares, you don't own them you are just in a relationship.
Jeeee-sus, I love them Webcam girls?
i doubt he wants to be left out!
well mayb u should try to start a conversation.
absolutely its ok if you really think your friend is a person you can relate to
i think personality because iam funny outgoing caring person
Why whas wrong with wanting a women over 35?
if you really like the guy, you would want him to be happy.
you could prolly stand to STOP HAVING SEX WITH YOUR BEST FRIENDS BOYFRIENDS!
So much drama......dump that whole bag and go after a new circle of friends.
Three years is a looong time and he needs to suck up and face it like a man!
You can, but you gotta work for it, you know i'm sayin' ?
looks, age, personality, compatability, income .... in that order.
Me and my guy do things a bit different.
if you think that he should then you do it for him.
You don't need to say it.
No matter how good she is, she is human...curiosity will get to her and she will look through them!
his girlfriend even thinks we should go out.
try going to a gay club
Married 23 years and things are pretty bad.
and that was it for the next 3 months.
when you find that you can share your sky with her.
im a men and ill answer for my gf we read together and it does add some spice
c if he feels like being with you.
Love Will also tell you when you look like crap even if it hurts.
no i think it's very romantic that kind of thing isn't around that much anymore
U R GOING TO LOSE BOTH.
go up to him grap is ham ham and ask him what he is doing 2night
i'm a guy, and i got cheated on once, and it hurt me a lot.
If he stares at u a little longer than normal.
pick one and be happy with the choice.
im a guy but i hate those playful guys too.
it does'nt real matter o me but somtimes it does.long it not to small
try to work out y he's not fufilling what u want instead of flaunting with the next man.
I didn't think he'd ever go for me.
any female from india wannabe my friend?????????
Only if youre interested of course.
and yes this is a problem.
Both had children from previous marriages (dad 4 and mom had one).
to nget married and find a place to stay fro a honeymoon?
If the guy was in it foe sex, soon after he gets what he wants.
i dont know, but i can tell you if you find the right one.
Then he would say o definately.
love vs hate and ignore the bible verses.
Personally, I have a husband, women aren't my preference, so I can't help ya there, hon.
yes, but is guilty love worth anything?
IF HE WAS JUST LOOKING UP INTERNET PORN I WOULDNT BE SCARED.
(some girls mix sexual feelings for love)
maybe he saw you eating a cock roach off the floor
At least, it sounds like she told you about it and didn't try to hide it.
if your a boy your dick will get hard, if your a girl you will leak...  :lol:
she should be able to take it.
I just can't put my finger on it.
JUST GO TO BEST BUY OR YOUR LOCAL COMPUTER STORE AND THEY SHOULD BE ABLE TO HOOK YOU UP.
Yeah- he'd prob' dump me b/c I might make his dicision too hard for him to keep.
and you feel the same for him.
sure  i mean what makes the difference its worth it in the end.
A lot of girls out there want a guy that will care about them like your guy.
just talk to him, that will help u a lot.
like for me i focus more on the girls personality.
One of my favorite gifts to my boyfriends back in the day was a basket of goodies.
Pampered....seems harmless enough unless they have mothering issues
And worms if you're a dog.
If he watches too much t.v.
(^^,)  choose someone who you think is worth of your love...
Never told him that you like him, people want thing that they can't have.
Well she is a b***h why didn't she break up with him in the first place
Why don't you ask him out?
that's the way love and marriage work.
if you have something in common to talk about that's a good start!
If she decks you, you went too low too fast...
2ND OF ALL MAKE SURE ITS SUPER ROMATIC.
You only find the 'perfect' guy once in a million--if you're lucky!
Because You want to be around her...and shes Not there...
IF HE IS YOUR HUSBAND THAN HE SHOULD BE SPENDING HIS SPARE TIME WITH YOU OR GUY FRIENDS.
best of luck ... you will definitely need it.
If it's your older sister- mind your own (d)amn business!
if he dont really pay attrention to u and is always flirtin around with other girls.
that's the only way to help you get over anybody.
if you should do it if you don't stay with him!
why should it matter what color someone is...I thought it was always important, if the person treated you right!!!
Its called a *buzz*...its called lingerie...its called a lot of things, but when you cheat...you get called a whore...
but i am not a bad person i didnt go and brake up a home.
She asked about the flowers and I just said.
to me i think hes confused.
Some guys like to drive on straight roads.
I think he's playing games with me !
Put all your love into the one that needs you the most right now.......YOUR BABY!!!!
i was mad bcuz it was goin sooooooooo good.
just go for a tiny bit more each time.
if you are just having fun and not willing to commit for the long run... sex
cause i'm in need 4 a boy friend
- Well, where is he now then.
hey if you and the girl you find are cool with it,why not?
There are two guys that like me.
How do you know what type of person it is and what you'll be getting yourself into?
some things, once done, cannot be undone.
IF YOU DON'T CARE ABOUT YOUR JOB I GUESS IT DOESNT MATTER
You do want her to come to you if he's pushing her too far don't you?
If that's so, then move on.
you lose if you bite their bate.
I always believed in THE MORE THE BETTER.
I WOULD FAINT, THEN I WOULD LEAVE THE HOUSE.
no its all about the way you work it
every one of us has a destined person
Really though your better than that!
if you are looking for a girl thats not shallow mabey you shouldn't be shallow.
i dunno wat else to say...it weird asking complete stranger this...but oh well
& make something true outta all of this?
tell her that with a calm straight face.)
(and by the way it is more normal than what you think.)
If he doesn't start acting like the way he used to then maybe its time to move on.
yes, im sorry to say but this is just a teaser.
mabey because you are doing something he does not like
Now I don't know what to do.
just be responsible, show her that you care, and talk with sense!
I DON'T KNOW MAKE UP A GOOD ONE.
If you don't, then I would dump her.
no it's just eye candy if you just enjoy watching pornography of 2 girls.
If there's a girl you want, but she's in a relationship... um...
or say something and wish you hadn't?
How should I even get a guy to be interested in me?
Do u have any ideas pls?
sounds like it, just too shy to talk to you if you like him approach him and talk
If he liked her I don't think it would be a problem.
I'll tell you, what's her number?
Use feathers or fingertips and just lightly caress each other all over (except...you know...).
Tell him that its just not working between you 2 and part ways.
sorry mama,bt ur question is vague..
try another guy....(i HATE age diffrence.)
u jsut starts showing full confidence and trust on him.the thing will come to normal
relax its fine, nobody cares as much as you do.
Suck it up and say something.
If someone can't look past another person's looks...it's time to move on.
why don't you have sex with him?
Say it was nice meeting you.
If he has kids get out get out.
poor u i wish your answer is no
good luck and stay away from him
He says he wants to leave her and she treats him so badly.
after looking back you might find that you are not the one with the problem.
i still feel like i need somone to hang out with.
they pretend to be scared cuz its an easy out and women are sappy enough to buy into it.
What if you had gotten pregnant?
I knew it wouldn't be easy to tell my dad, so I decided not to.
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo!
Chances are you know some already, but you just do not know it.
mall, movie, dinner at your place, bowling....
i understand that would be hard but being honest would help.
does it matter, gay or not do you think you were going to hook up with him?
!this gf and sister thing shouldn't even be a question!!
mixed females are just way too hot..
Everytime id text him he'd start arguments and say i was the one always starting it.
I think it is cute to play around...
no mature guy would date even 2 girls at a time, not to mention 5, its ridiculous.
which one your ex-boyfriend is ?
last time i was there he was drinking alcohol and he is only 15. i really need help!
You MUST think about your baby now!!
ofcourse he still loves u....it's just that he got mad at u!!!
ONCE A CHEATER= ALWAYS A CHEATER...find someone new, and try looking somewhere else BESIDES the internet.
i mean how old do u have to be to buy protection, do they card u?
After all, they were only talking, you were kissing.
trust....that is something that once lost is a bitch to gain back!
He was on my friends list, he had two other women on his.
I am the same age have U tried lieing or sneeking out.Works 4 me
Thats exactly what he wants you to do.
this is just a question to thro out there.
Because no decent girl wants to be with a jerk.
stay friends.If u did date him make him jealous.
yes, but don't lose her she will be fine if u just love her
It ended up being one hell of a night for me!!!
Im so sorry she has not answered you properly!
i admire you for still being a virgin.
Well, does he really like the girl?
I like this guy, but he has a girlfriend.
Why did the blondes belly button hurt!!!
And I thought I had a tough one with quitting smoking... which didn't work by the way.
it depends, what she means, if she means she likes you alot, then it's a compliment.
But never lie about it to a girl (e.i.
I like him but panic whenever Im around him.
Baby: Baby weighs 1 pound 9 ounces (709 grams).
What he likes, what you like.
but the reality is, lover can't be great friends.
good girls are honest, they say what they think about without hurting other people's feelings.
!and plus you can always get another girl friend!!
Im 31 and still get looks!
If you want to cry,.... cry.
you just have to lear to accept each others belifes, or lack there of.
Did you ever really care for her or was it just a physical thing.
well u can act like u know them say u when to school with them.
if you have a mutual friend, have them tell him you are interested.
When you get married it's a serous thing.
If you think it won't work, quit and get a new job.
I won't be making out with every guy I see if I know it won't lead to anywhere.
if he is thaen he has been there and done things.
Plus, I wonder if he did even love you.
if you guys have a good friendship, you could probably let him in on your little secret.
It depends, I didn't see if you were a he or a she.
how do i get that website
i find myself asking the same question about meeting a decent guy.....
some ppl like to try before they buy.
People put way too much emphisis on looks.
just because the are not blood does not make them not family.
if you think he is cheating on you, he probably is.
i don't know but it will be ashame if he was.
unless youre maried to the girl, your sister comes first.
...wish to share, am a returner favourer kinda person.
spiel they have you do, and some guy responded with Your phone number.
you are in love right, age is a number not a life style.
if you stay on here.. possibly not anytime soon :D
I know I sound stupid but I need to know
I know, what a dork right?
I don't call it as moving on...
by the way this has nothing to do with gender, men can be just as stubborn.
But if you meant will I ever have an affair the answer is its up to you.
girlkat, I think you like me.
You just have to trust her.
Must s u c k to be me.... : )~
its all good unless u drive a 1978 Ford F-100
but  , for om extent , an e friend may be helpful till u meet ur real 1 .
Why am I the victim here?
well, that's where i come in.
well i like the weird ones!like hes a sweetheart by all means.
Ask for money instead of gifts.
well so was i and we are doing pretty good.
I am not talking about my dad.
It depends on what u talk about with the ex...
it's a scam....I got that too....no such thing
You could keep it exclusive to close family and friends.
it will just annoy him and piss him off even more.
But I am a big fan and I don't care about that.
Are you a good guy and just want to talk?
Most of my friends are guys.
Not to be disrespectful, but hell naw!
I'M ONLY 21 AND I'VE BEEN WITH MY HUSBAND FOR FOUR YEARS AND I RECENTLY GOT NARRIED TO HIM.
if he have a girlfriend already, n still wants u?
This CAN be FUN for BOTH of you!!
it looks like u r a ncie guy.
if the girl really loves you, she wil reconcile with you n give you another chance.
What is it; not having sex?
would u if u had the chance?
there are so many pregnant women who feel that way.
it must be that the dude treated her really bad.
take ur time and study her
Cheer up & have some fun!
And above all like Will Smith says go 90% and let her come 10
(by the way, r u crazy)
it is not you talking it is all hormonal talking.
dont use sex n your body for having fun !
hay i thinks its relly kool their looking at boobs their looking at i think its a complientt
to protect them from getting hurt
you're just going to get labeled a possesive bastard who can rot.
does she even know anything about him?
It's like this... YOU DONT LOVE ANY OF THEM!
He says that im the right girl but hes to young.
If you love him and he feels the same then what does it matter how other people feel?
cross him out of my life or continue going over to his house since i'm friends with his sister.
I think you need to ask yourself some pretty tough questions like...Can I live with this?
Before him I was only dating guys in their 40's, 'casue I wanted someone mature.
Best of luck to you, Keep it real
maybe you should think what is missing in your relationship and make it work that way !
There's a guy who's 31 who I've hung out with.
my husband never cared what i had to say even in the beginning.
Should i leave her alone so she wont get yelled by her mom everyday because of me?
email me and i'll let you know how big i'd like it to be!
no guy is romantci tillyou mack him
NOT ONLY AM I BEAUTIFUL BUT I AM PHEONOMINAL.GET AT ME.
you feel it like its right and you alwayz want 2 be around this person
It dont mean she des love u but she mite have a crush on you
the roles are so backwards these days!
what would a 22 year old man think about dating a 25 year old women?
OK, Let me get this straight up front.... Guys are often clueless about subtle hints.
im so not into picking someone up at a bar.
u need to talk to your dad about this be open tell him how u feel.
because women are women ... very annoying
Just hang out, make some guy friends and girl friends and hang.
well its because they are desprate to jump into things
I don't think so, if your in love your in love.
bcuz u like that someone enough to date them and u have tons of fun.
i'm a good looking guy and i have no problem meeting people and i love to have fun.
now cheat on him, it will feel so sweet!, then dump the chump and move on
yo your are mad kool in my book
Always no matter what be yourself and if thats not good enough the guy is trash
A friend ship is a big thing so don't brake that....
I love her to deathand before her i never dated a girl... ive messed around but never dated one.
So why waste your time.You are woman and there's lots of fish in the sea.
like some people always say... once a cheater, always a cheater... i hope this helps... take care of yourself!<3
theres more pain in your life than good n happiness
divores him he is a jerk
girls love a guy who smells good dude
18 or older  and it has to be w/ someone who's also 18 yrs or older
i guess i should have said that it's too young, unless you're not worried about divorce.
if you don't feel so sure about him or you are not comfortable, then dump him
i think you guys should wait.
Either you pick him up, or have him pick you up.
Sweetheart means that you are a sweet person
Just say Can you do that for me, please?
when you married it was for richer or poorer.
you shouldnt care what other people think.
that happen to me in away & it took me awhile to get over it
I found my guy in the yahoo member directory and sent him an instant message.
Don't bother with the girls that lust after 'hot guys', they are shallow and immature.
just be careful on all counts.
(besides sex, guys) or girls who know what's worked for them?
See how far she went with him...
I mean do u like much talking?
Trying to ask for stuff on the net!
How long would you date a guy before you would have sex with him?
dear, it is all in your mind.
I just thought of her as my friend and I still do.
A mans guitar tells a lot more to me :-p
find urself someone else and mayb it will help.
Tell him he ain't got it like that.
because honestly thats usually what it means.
on why is he cheating .
It might be hard at first but guys come and go.
what do you all like while haveing sex?
make your decision and get back to me kid.
SHE KNOWS WHAT SHE TALK'N ABOUT!!
if u know the piano or any classical instruments they may like u!
i dont know my big brother is so overprotective it sickens me
I guess my boyfriend (well now my ex) and friends decided to play a little joke on me.
u know when his whole attitude change with u.
You just tell her, flat out.
Well im a kid (no offense to other kids) but great parenting.
I'd say what but it wouldn't be opropriate
yes it is important to married couples!
If you want to scream, ....scream.
Chicks can be reall Odd at times.
its ok but talk to him
actually all man wants to have a girlfriend but somehow they don't know how to start the relationship.
Even though I know its hard at times,  But there is always calm after the storm god bless
maybe seprate for a little while
It's not so bad, you don't know what your missing!
You're her husband the other guy is just that another guy... What's so confusing about that!!!
believe it or not women ask the same question about men.
But be nice to her too.
someone , who talks sweet + thinks sweet things , and + eat sweets = sweet heart
Basically, what I told her is that she should come right out and tell them.
Get out there and get comfortable doing every day things.
And I have no idea on what to wear!
your trying that hard to get a girl?????
sure fire way to get her something she wants.
If you get te answer please forward to me too!!
TALK TO HER ABOUT IT AND LET HER KNOW HOW U FEEL.
u mean u want to keep two-timing, or should i say, five-timing all these 5 girls?
yes i should it's ok for a female to ask a guy out
LOL, BTW, as u have guessed, she is jealous and wants u to be out of the race...
So my answer to your question is: It beats me!
and they are good lookin' just they way it hangs down.
do not give up you will find him.
Disney world, add some good fun to thier honeymoon!
Coz they all love the bad boy.
wow that doesn't sound to good..... but then again I don't know your girlfriend
What if you guys break up, then you have to see each other everyday.
However, only do this if you guys are still on good terms.
Wait until the 10th grade then give him a call
depends on wat kind of person u are!
not to hard ot figure out here
2) u don't want to lose all of them?
by the way, not doing it w/ you  does not really he's gay or something.
IF A WOMAN OR A MAN LOVE EACH OTHER WHY CHEAT.
her idd does though and will let her know
grab his butt guys love that
u can but you have to keep it professional.
i think its for hygeinic reasons...but as they say it increases sensation, so there!!
since nobody else here knows what to tell you or even cares about you.
guys r horny, u just gotta show em some stuff
differs from one man to another
Never do that just be good ex almost married peeps
and feel free to email me or yahoo messenger
if she says NO , ask her 'why don't you'..
hum I am gay does that help please respond if you get this message bud
talk to her and find out if she likes you!
when u put ur penic in.....do it really slowly and it must last long.
why are you still going over there?
i am married and have 2 beautiful children.
outgoing definately...they're more fun to hang with!!
however much i hate 2-timers, i still wish u luck in finding ur true love one day.
He cheated on you, so he was not meant to be your bf.
no no no it's all wrong wrong
Be yourself and dont fear getting close...
no i havent but i really would like to try it.
if hes good enough you'll have an o
no it's natural but if u don't do it it will be ok for u .
or the person u love doesn't see that u love her at all.
this is most sad wrongly bad!
when friends hook up it can turn nasty.
I hope i did well :P
if you really are in love you will feel it.
TURNOFF- GIRLS THAT HANG ON ME AND DONT TRUST ME.
i think that he like some one else
should i just let him go on his way to try mend the relationship with his ex or what?
but i wouldn't be anyone beyond her to judge her.
like parents, we always fight with them but we still love them and they love us too!!
If you STILL can't get one, well...
its long because they have to see if its ture love or not.
Your in bed with a girl and your worrying about leg hair?
that's telling me he needs some sort of counciling.
its about whats rite for you.
keep them both  is going to be problems down the line.
THEN GET OVER HIM ITS THE OWELY WAY
he says that he fell out of love with me.
-eye contact -waving -middle finger !!!!!!!!!!!!!
who cares i will go out w/u im 14 lol
thay cant make out guys ....  thay dont know what is what
And don't let him lie to you.
lke phone sex from your cell to the hous.
and its pointless to even try to understand.
If you really love the guy, you shouldn't doubt esp.
I do two boy cousins and one female.
that doesnt mean hang out with band geeks.
y would it be bad if u liked him?
Ask yourself do you want this guy to be in your life no matter what?
Well, without a huge club, you can't make anyone do (or feel) anything, but...
ill take either one so long as they r so so so hot!!!!!!!!!
I think we are both happy!
nice arms, to feel that i am safe in them
tell them to stop be annoying.
no it means your curious it ok
he starts deviating frm the topic and in the end i donno wats happening!
BETTER TO HAVE PLENTY THAN NOT.
im going to tell you in a straightforward way how to get everything you ever wanted.
cute sexy girls could caccth any boy they are taking you for granted.
um, don't start out possesive with anyone.
Wait til he gets back, then ask again.
when you have true love and know that he/she are the one
When you have sex with her.
I think you should always live in the moment.........enjoy...................
Make it her happiest day ever Mom!!
But ask him and see what he says.
never ever talk to this girl again.
any guys out there who know what they'd want?
What, like I can't get that?!...
just go up to the person that u like and grab her arms and kiss her!!
he may not be like the lasted guy as much as you think =)
what if the relationship doing go well, you'd have to see that person everyday.
And pleanty of Chemical X, if you want a freak in the bed.
you're a good girl just by being you and not someone else.
u will now u sould just ask him!
go outside and meet real people.
16... but 21 is too young... mistake i wish i could take back
then you will find out yourself saying that.
ud just have to respect the fact that its his/her decision.
don't do anything your not comfortable with and never comprimise yourself
If not, at least you won't have to carry that big, I wonder if... on your shoulders.
all the way,its alot more fun and easier to get along with
be nice and lay on the charm.
That means she's doing what you shouldn't.
If ur really in love what is wrong wit that?
just enjoy him the way you have been, gay or straight
women out with rude arrogant unemployed dirtbags.
without this all there would be is silence.
no seriously...love is unconditional....and a realo love brings out the best and the worst in u...
have a lil pride in urself
JUST TELL HIM THAT THINGS ARN'T WORKING AND WHY THEY ARN'T.
no, i don't think it's a good idea.
And I am sure his wife didn't like it!
does this guy have a good job?does he have a temper-jealous-control you-get along with your family?
Who cares what other people think???
it goes on and on forever.
From the way I see it, there is no way for her to learn other than the hard way.
dont ever think your not good enough.
for me that love is just a physical attraction!
u have to accept the fact that he/she is gay.
Ok seriously you treat it like any other break up.
Just say hey buddy, you know that I love you.
If you have kdis thats means you like havin babys and maybe the guy wants kids to.
GOOD LOOKS BUT IF YOU DONT HAVE A GOOD HEART BEHIND THE GOOD LOOKS THATS NOT GOOD EITHER
Send a pic, that one is not doing it for me...wait I'm latin...never mind....
dont miss out on your education.
just curious... i'm not even 19 yet
Any way girls are always hot!
this female domination shit is for the birds man!
sleeping or doing you know what
if you are hot they will come to u eventually.
put it to her the best you can
you remind me of my sister.
why dont you try on the dating line
walk her 2 the door hug her goodbye,then turn the hug in2 a kiss
tell her you want nothing to do with her
I know it is bad, but I can't help myself.
have you ever been left all alone.
Ya should not marry if your not 100% sure.
Just make sure your dog isn't hungry!
you like what you can't have .
They have good families, a great wife, etc.
Well it is not so hard, talk about things that you both have in common....
Exotic looking..  Plus the contrast is very sexy..
maybe snack a bit and get back to foreplay before doing it again.
yes, it's always ok to be friend with somebody, even if they're your enemy.
well it might just be maybe you need to find more in common with them
hi girl im in 7th grade too y u set him up?
Finally someone from STL, a club
Never say ever, dont lose your hope.
He's not dirty, just a clutterbug, drives me crazy!
there is always a way .
it doesn't matter if she got you a present.
because boys are smarter than girls baby!
talk to your sister about it.
A cheating man thinks with the wrong head....
try making it something you do together.
make a date to truely be together for ever.
Still, I doubt anyone takes them seriously, anyway.
don't worry about what other ppl say...your not on this earth to please anybody but YOUR SELF!!!
Man you can get a girl that loves u don't worry about it.
Easy to fall in lust, hard to fall in love.
Women are just as scared sometimes!
I don't think it unreasonable to ask him to try, and see how it goes.
well, because men do think !
this is sum men to men advise...tell her u like her dude!
did they change in anyway other than you now knowing?
the one thing i like on a woman's body is their eyes and feet.
no if u like or loves him tell him and before that u have to know him
or are you just maybe thinking about kinda loving him?
There ought to be a grace period though, so you don't look like you pick up leftovers.
Ao treat the cause not the effect!
It was awful when wanted something I knew wouldn't work.
You are young and you need to have fun.
stand up and fight, forget about yourself and your moaning about.
I hope you can get good result:)
You should go win some money.
He swept me right off my feet!
really have no idea at all.
Ya kind of gotta feel sorry for the guys in a way, being so dependent on us, poor things.
just dont be tired of lookin'.
i'm seperated and i really like this new guy, but he lives in florida, and i live in louisiana.
is he giving me excuses instead of just sayng he doest like me?
why can't i find her ?????
shouldnt the guy be doing that?
if she says yes than good luck!
of course it is, why wouldn't it be?
(self love is -hair-fingernails-massage-exercise, you know the rest)  8~)y----Peace.
Not if you don't want to be.
i knew it another good looking man turn gay what the fuk are women doing to men!!
Even if they don't admit it i'll say boobys
NEVER break up cuz youve been dating to long, that makes no sence!
if they like you they wont care about looks dress nicely though just to invite them around the corner
i think its worth it !
just accpt it  he is family
if he likes you, ya wanna make him work for it.
evergirls like no person but boyfriend!
You just have to be patient.
If she's not interested she'll let you know and then at least you won't wonder anymore!
SHE ISN'T WORTH GOING TO JAIL OVER.
Wait a while before asking Ready now?
everytime that i have a chance, is what I really like.
but i dont know how to help you.
But this whole deal of once you go out with someone, you can't date anyone else is b*** S***!!!
no age dont matter and i think younger men like older women  good luck
Send me a message on 360 :)
one girl at once you don't need to rush anything.
if yours does, though, have you consider soap and water?
Bad boys are hot...but they're not worth it.
in times when people around are discouraging you.
Go for it if it's wat u want!
IF SO THEN I HAVE A SMALL ONE TOO!
Actually only bad boys/men themselves think ALL woman want them.
In a 1 yr time spand.
You will just have to get used to it.
tell him uhave new guy~guarenteed 2 work
Plus what if you got pregnant .
you get to think you are what they say.
no but you make no sense.
depends actually being married yeah it is but if only casual sex nope
NO she is too dang young!
Now, you have to have the right tone of voice - VERRRY SARCASTIC!
And well love isn't about 5 just 1 and 1.
love me for who i am?
mixed girls are just BOOM ass fuck,when they are the have the ass the looks and the chust
So...How do you like your eggs in the morning?
ok lets go part by part.
I love him dearly and I dont want to lose him.
do u believe in love at first sight?
sum of dem punk out n do exactly wat u say or ask!
woman...without a doubt...Gods' gift to man.
If your sex life is not good everything falls apart.
yea even short girls can be hot as hell not just cute
And they want it in cash.
just chill out  and do whatever u wanna do,be urself
If you dont its already over.
b/c it's the bad boy image that attracts them, personally i go for the nice guy, but that's me..
its fun and not as messy.
But it depends on how well u handle it to give excitement
Look, its all entirely individual and up to the couple involved!
basically what everyone has said but to keep it simple how you react or another person reacts without speaking
i dont know why but they say gay guys have fine taste.
No guy likes a dumb woman.
all you need is two things,  passion and love
theres still a little spark, but not so bright anymore.
fifty to sixty years you realy need to know if she snores
And also we see each other like every day, we don't know each other tho...hElP!
Im a girl and I lost my virginity at 15.
this is just about 90 percent of all guys dreams  just ask or tell him..
And now I have another boyfriend, and he much sweeter and he would never do that to me!!
But he is getting married this month.
guys get horny if you touch their body anywhere.
just follow ur heart no matter what other people say.
- that we could be more than friends.
It is how you use it!!
fuck guys fast...lol well idk i just thot that sounded funny..
I don't know what you are talking about, but it does...
yeah am with the dude make the action kiss him when  his not looking
Whatever you do don't act like a stalker.
Anyone who says you're not good looking, don't bother taking them seriously.
what do you mean by good?
u don't mind if u r being hurt by your love.
lol j/j but what a waste of meat
i promise it works bcoz i had chkd svrl times on many girls in such cases.
If its for the experience...by all means..tell her!
am not same girl he meet.
WOW we probably have had one, we just didn't know about it.
no becouse thy might go back and do it agin its not worth it.
There are other guys out there.
Not because your scary per se.
I f you haven't found someone, no big deal!!!
Tell me what you think guy's and girl's.
you should kno better than to let a real friend go
Because he is a guy and guys act stupid at times.
sometimes you can't help who you love but never refer to yourself as crazy.
So u make her feel comfortable then she will like u.
now, that's when you should call him.
I know his profile for MySpace and i am friends with him.
i've been waiting 20 years and will keep on, i know someday we will be together
it means that he really does fell something about you.
to protect his damn pride i guess!
till u get married u sinner!
Also , dont restrict yourself to taking only what you find at work!!
i m guy, but i will help you.
of course WOmen r Better Lover than men
But some are a lot bigger than that.
Hell they can't stand it, they need someone to hang around with.
But dont let her think you dont love her when you really do.
accept the break up and move on, dont let him stay in your life!
In my experience, guys don't really like that.
guys just need to learn that thats not all there is to a relationship.
and after sex u must talk with her on any light matter.
no never do that if you do that he might brake your heart agin
i had experience and it works.
all i want is a fun, caring, carasmatic, spontanious girl that is also caring.
Oh you got one of those types.
maybe they just don't feel comfortable accepting it, or they don't like it but are trying to be nice.
Is she not having sex with you enough because she doesn't really want to?
Just to bad they like skinny women!
YEt I don't want to have regrets later?
well, wen a man and a woman luv each other very much... hey wait a second!
But you're still a kid, and you just haven't gained enough wisdom to make this sort of decision.
Ask Him if he likes you.i have liked the same guy 4 3 years too.
you have to be self confident, it is not always your fault !!!!!
because we have no need for bull**** drama
do the research youll be amazed
P.S: He's married, but he is sooooooo very hot!
you could always look for another lesbian lover...i think that will solve both your problems buddy!
yeah...15 is too young...i'm 16, a virgin and at this age i'm still not ready.
do you put yourself first, or your mate?
Because their boyfriends don't want any hair in their mouths...
YOU NEVER KNOW IF YOU'LL FIND SOMEONE BETTER.
I heard some guys like licking his armpits (eww..).
the best age 15 when u start to get to be a women
I don't know why you were asking but I don't think your gonna get much response.
First he wanted you to quit smoking, now he says when you trust him?
he says that he still likes me but isn't ready for a relationship.
Ask em' if you think its worth the risk I hope I helped!
Talk 2 ur wife 4 sumtime then both of u go 2 sleep.
but you will have to face some problems.
If you don't like any more you can keep being her friend.
what ever someone does to make you upset.
oh girl, please let him go!
Fight tooth and nail for her!
just 1 example :like havig an unplanned pregnancy.
I practically drooled whenever I saw him.
Even if you never do it again...will she really be able to forgive and forget?
ASK her what SHE WANTS - what SHE NEEDS in bed - ASK HER WHAT FEELS GOOD to HER!
it seems to me u need sm1 to pass time with m .
age would not matter would it?
give it up and find sombody else.
Sure, i have been in virtual love a lot of times
That is where I think relationships are like though.
That wouldn't be fair to you.
u could have better woman!and besides  we are men.
I don't know what to do!
Most confident people (women) walk with a little twist/switch...kinda funny.
Go to the US get a wife,marry her and go back to your land...;)
girls ask that question every ten minutes.
well earn enough money for the books and then go buy them and get ur butt to class...have fun
Give it some time to mature.
they are sweetie pies b/c they want to have sex with u. might not be the situation.
If u never talk about it,how can you expect them to now your true feelings???
Almost all of my friends are guys.
Best thing to do is just ask her and then you'll know for sure.
I'm gonna go with a no.
if htat's the biggest problem you have to overcome in this relationship, i expect a wedding invitation soon!
yell at him/her and say get away from my cuz
i would say full lips and nice teeth(smile)
you just have to trust her.
just jump him, he'll know you want him
why do girls get played by boys?
Fore play is great and romance is awsome!!!
If you want 20 or more in an hour gimme a call!
I take everyone seriously, plus thats what Heels are for...!
On average I say 3 times a week...you do the math.
stop search for it.it will come to you!
how did you treat her when you were dating?
Just help me out a little please?
It's not strange to have a 35 y/o virgin.
If after, you need to let him go!
i didnt know that you could have that problem!
very good question waiting for answers
But is your girlfriend there to stay?
you should be willing to give without receiving if you are serious with this girl
Who says the girl can't give candy, flowers or little love notes?
and say it to him very seriously without tears.
every kiss is the first thats it.
uhh dont get yur problem, he likes u, u like him  get married have kids, cool
Have fun, do not be fake, double date...
wel, if its not too muck trouble, u should not do these things and see if he is dissapointed.
If you have to ask, then he's not 'the one'.
no i dont think that thats the answer but it dont hurt to flert
you'll never know if you dont ask!
as in a penis entering a vagina, butt, or mouth...penetration...making love...fcuking...
because if she is then just ask her when you 2 r alone.
mmm... yummy.. i prefer to be their friends first
If you mean having a boyfriend like hanging out at each others house then middle school/ jr high.
I feel so uncomfortable around her now.
if your coworker is your boss or supervisor or your supervisee, it would not look so good to others.
if he dont love her for who she is, the let him get the stepping.
theres plenty of time for men later!
He's my #1 and I want him sooooooo bad!!!
I'm not beautifuf but I am beautiful, sexy, smart and hung like a swollen firehose
then look for someone to marry.
maybe on that very last room, you'd find her.. (^_^)
flirting is the best sport ever
3) if you still have a conscience, break up with all of them, admitting n apologizing for your mistake.
Women have to step up and start asking guys out.
He should be out of your life!
The older you get the less diff this makes!
even though ya'll started the relationship off of deception.
we email, can talk on phone, hes very afraid of getting hurt again.altho ive reasssured him......
theres nothing wrong with ex's being just friends.
If they steal they are a theif.
you have to earn her trust back.
MAKE SURE THAT THE PERSON IS GAY BEFORE YOU THINK OF SAYING ANYTHING STUPID.
tell police or ur parents immediatly!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1 girlfriend and 4 girls that are friends is a pretty good deal too.
Then what is a guy that drives a mustang GT?
don't let go for you could never find it again.
It means I'm going to get a heart attack in 5 minutes!
that way when you are done, all of your love energy is gone.
I NEED HELP, IT'S BEEN FOUR MONTHS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
(Please don't misunderstand...I am still presentable just not child-like) :)
ok. i see your problem you know it is your fault for dating all of them?!
This isn't fair to a guy.
Then that friend can tell him/her how good u r in bed.
No way not in that situation......my advice is to go on with your life and find someone closer.
Best of luck and God Bless!
im in an interracial marriage and am very happy.
My 2 best friends are guys.
Sense of humor it a turn on though, but physical, I'm a Breast man,
4 example in ur anniversaries is sex needed in celebrating it?
it will kill u. :D. i dont mean to offense.
SORRY TO BREAK IT TO YOU.
no i think it depends on her personality and of they are easy
HOWEVER - GOD created us and we're all Beautiful, Pretty, and the like:).
eharmony is expensive but very good.
i belive that one should at least try it once incase the sex dont happen on wedding night .
If he hasnt left her yet, hes not going to anytime soon.
you could just be freinds thoogh
My wife of 7 years just cheated on me.
Quit and get a less succesful guy
hay i have 14 years   form egypt my e-mail senchi_muto@hotmail.com if u want to chat
I am ready for u ;)
i dont believe in a best age to get married i believe its when your ready as a couple.
i don't see where you think a problem exists.
They think in their pants, not in their brain
Besides who wants to play a girl when her bestfrinds can kick his ass.
I want to be that Guy!!
yeah i've seen times like these.
dude, you do sound like that sex type thing from stp.
well ask yourself...  would you rather say nothing and wish you had?
So is it okay for me and him to be friends?
IT COULD BE THAT SHE'S TIRED IF SHE JUST HAD THE BABY.
Tell her that you are sorry that you werent meeting her needs (inside ur heart u probably are).
I gave everything I had to him.
*do you or him have to move out of the house?
but sure i can b beautiful for u.
you can met another lesbian online, but i'm not sure where else- sorry
a. right the good and bad sides of both and compare.
i think it has sexual content
yes that means he luvs u cuz mabey sometimes u don't always agree on everything.
i'll get to the point; i want a husband and a child.
He did wrong and couldn't face it.
YOU NEVER HEARD THE SAYING YOU ARE WHAT YOU DRIVE?
But if your always annoying this person just leave it alone.
Is the age difference gonna be a problem?
Some men would kill for that.
Of course chubby guys can get dates!
Do i just listen to her?
(seriously) If you don't already think you know who the girl of your dreams is then stop looking.
If you start something out as a lie then he/she is not really interested in you anyway!
and remember birds of a feather flock together.
if he is then he will think more about ur looks,hair,ect.
maybe she feels bad about something?
oral sex while on the road
the age difference between both of us is not much.
We hate it when men do that to us
you should be honest w/ her.
she is trying to tell u that she dosnt wont to dump u but she dosent like u
Beleive me, MEN can take it.
Hope that helps, and good luck because you are always the most important person first in your life!!!
Sometimes, fireworks go off and there is no happy ever after.
You haven't met the RIGHT man yet!!
then we r still gonna be fresh for them!
when i try to console him he starts arguing and he doesnt let me talk.
I dont understand guys one minute there making out with u n the next there like eww get away?!?!?
A girlfriend of mine is lesbian and she wants to have sex with me .
Nice girls do want nice guys.
since he cheated on you, i would say not to go out with him again.
But im into the badboys Like we party a lot but its fun.
some people have problems with this cause of problems they have inside!
b/c u poop out of it DUH
If u also like him then just open up and take him in your stride.
Just make a wise choice there are so many dumb people out there.
You gotta try before you buy.
the four c's and u will make it if u both feel, and share these!
mail me i ll tell u exact answer....
thanks for the ride baby, now get your stuff and get to stepping!
Well, it's kinda creepy and the guy will feel awkward.
yes, for your emotional well being, let this sleeze ball go, you can do sooo much better!
These days who do we have?
just grab his attention and dont let go!
I'm starting to get that vibe - you know the one I'm talking about?
Or just to 'get it off your chest'?
I am not afraid to, but, im 34 years old, so, i really have nothing to loose.
if he is cheating already then he will cheat on you also.
that should work it worked for me!
So dont try too hard, cuz you will only draw a blank.
if he  doesn't say thanks, forget him, he's a jerk.
But everyone keeps talking noise about how he look gay was stuff.
Ft. Bragg is right down the road!!
wow, that girl has issues, if she cant accept that you love your sister.
Not at all... its human nature.
did it make you a better person?
depends on their pesonality, and what they look like, not to mention their voice.
only if I get something in return.
Maybe the reason you realized you like him is because you just like seeing him happy.
do you have to be somewhere else that quick?
If somebody said that to me I'd be insulted.
i think u got wat i mean.
Okay I'll admit it......I want and need the points.
You love your sister in a brotherly way...if you want her that bad.
The problem is that I have the same question as you do!!!
if we didnt count our ages we wouldnt worry.
I say black mail would be awesome.
jokeeee  Just be sure ur single.
Totally depends on the Woman and where they actually are!!!
as long as ur both single and have open feelings for one another.
You just have to let her know your trust worthy.
u need to show me ur pic first.
ya'll should date it seems like ya'll like eachother alot give it a shot
u'r wearing the same hat as me.
shes in high school wondering the same thing.
Why would a girl seem to be really into a guy?
then we went out to luch like we always did.
he is difrent but i would give him a chance.
I have fantasies, it helps me get off, use it that way.
think back to when you was dating.
But marrying is not yet one of them.
If you are a pervert, get lost!
Should I say something, or just accept that not all guys are like this?
i totally agree...if u r in love ur in love....DO IT !
try to stay friends if possible.
I'm sure, he's probably just busy.
if so she is shallow .
DONT DO ANY THING ASK ME TO DO EVERY THING    LOL
Start small - pizza or a movie.
Just a random question that i've been wondering about...
depends on who you're asking...  For me its bad when  1.
he might b d cure after all
mr. know it all is dumb.. sex is bad when the person has a disease, use condoms.
ask questions about him carry on coversation because silence causes probs.
Do NOT try to lock him down and pretend that things are the way they used to be.
love is something special n rare
Always take the good and forget the bad.
if this dude has hinted that he wants to leave her but cant get out get out.
my man a fireman i dont ask much he cleans and washes clos and he cooks
You just said them...you still love him.
TURN ON - GIRLS THAT ARE INDEPENDANT AND TAKE WHAT THEY WANT.
Oh yeah and when the moment finally does arrive don't go in the pool first.
you just want to hear people talk about it explicitly, ya sicko!
plentyoffish.com is the best dating wesite
And It haunted her in High School.
I am not only beautiful,I am 1 in a million.Holla at me!!!
Back off from her, if its meant to be she will be back!
Actually if its blind then its not possible even after so many sights.
show him a vidio of you having sex w/someone else
good girls are friendly and alittle bit shy (just a little bit)
Make it a fun game you can both play and you will both come out winners!!
If your sister is just in the 6th grade then I think she's too little to date.
Then ask him if he fantasize some one else while doing you?
Hes my ex bf and left me but want me again.
i've been in love with the same guy for 3 years.
I just don't have any good excuse.
they are for sex more than men are
Can you imagine teaming for a project at work with your EX?!
may be your best friends is trying to test you.
How about Maybe we've made a mistake.
but i dont know ur situation.
please if u find any Email them to me
in other words all these excuses are he doesnt like me, but just for play?
I don't think it matters what you look like on the outside.
and it's true that love is blind.
when you ask her to be your fiance, that's the line
that's all I'm sayin'  ppl back me up on this 1 !!
And keep it up with some kind of regularity!
if he doesnt respond well then so what, you can find someone else
I dont live there, but i need to know what that area looks like.
Yet I don't want to lose what I have.
just perfectly understanding each other and communicating... ofcourse good sex is the most important factor!!
you should thank god for that!
(if you push yourself on her you`ll most likely run her off.)
love is not blind....it sees but it doesnt mind....hehehe.
but believe me once you have him .
she is the one you are dating not your sister.
I'm really great friends with this guy.
he might just get a kick out of being with an older woman.
KEEP IN MIND NO ONE KNOWS THAT I AM GAY.
it is time that will heal your hurt, be strong and its going to be ok!
YOUR ANGER WILL LEAD NO WHERE...  Hope I was able to help you...
So definitely don't drive yourself nuts man.
Specialy if you guys break up and go seperate ways.
leave them alone go find someone single how bout' whats ment to be will be.
my husbands told me to move on.
My boyfriend(hubby now) was too shy to do it!
sounds like heck of a mess.
If you are looking for casual dating, Yahoo Personals are pretty good.
you should be 18 or older
there is nothing else out there.
nice to know im a girl
If you're a good guy, and she's still this way, then I don't know the answer.
its time for you to move on and find a guy that deserves a person like you.
then set an appointment with him!
You don't like the mess, or is it a churchie thing?
Have you ever cheated on her ?
some say yes   some tell me just half way beautiful
LADY AS A HOMEGIRL WHICH YOU AND I KNOW.
It was so hard to be just friend with him.
just tell her are you feel.
This is a dumb ass question.
but i don't know him look him up on mapquest that may help.
Get over him and move on.
Another 'line' could just be to say something like 'man, I feel like coffee.
No really, no guy ever stopped talking to a girl because they didnt want coffee.
Coz if you do then you wont be doing that to them...  End of story...
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo!
: I am not a pessimist.
be presentable as much as u can and don't get lazy
Okay, first things first:  Men do not pick up on signs.
I know i feel like hell after a night of drinking tequila
Look, this girl is probably really insecure, or shes just totally messed up.
I've had this friend for like 5 years and i have had feelings for him for awhile now.
not only is it ok to date other races...but it is ok to marry and have children.
Good luck and don't play around with this.
If your not then don't try to make it happen it will turn out wrong.
If ya gotta ask, you're a ho.
Check out the clubs down at the Loop :)
same here but youre lucky at least your friends
call her now n tell her you love her!
4) if none of the girls decide to give you a 2nd chance, accept it.
wat are u some sort of terrorist?
Certainly don't go to a hooker.
a nice kiss on the cheeks to say goodnite
If you arent like that, its your job to prove it:-)
But I hope it helps some.
at 25 weeks  its pretty early,,,they are not doing much...but they are moving some....u will feel this
He's just sweet and you want to have a back up!
he sounds like a jerk so get rid of him for good!
Coz he can and you let him do it... WHY?
what age , how long into a realationship
Flirt, go on dates, hold hands...
their body,a man always checks a woman body first and the rest comes later
if you dont know then you should figure it out elsewhere
but remember dont sneck out or lie that makes everything worst got it.
THE BEST THING FOR YOU TO DO IS TO TELL HIM UPFRONT.
but seriously, how can i check my girl is virgin?
it varies depending on the man, some are legs guys, some are breasts guys, some are booty guys...
what do you mean if isnt that the way it works???
do you need something from him?
u have to do foreplay it's must.
dress for the occasion and just go with the flow.
Of course, if you are like Socrates, you can get the best of both camps
(I know this will be hard) BE objective.
if u really love him, you'll need to deal with it(although hard.)
He makes me happy and he makes me miserable!
Guys are easy to figure out.
anyway, it's none of their business.
Can you go to a club or where ever and get numbers?
HONEY , YOU NEED SOME SERIOUS A.A.
Here are some tips to pick up a guy that are nearly guaranteed to work:  1.
As far as I can tell...
!if yes!then u have nothin 2 worry about.
My daughter is in 8th grade and she can't date.
And boys don't get played by girls?
ask her if she is married.
lol  pray to God .. in the bed .. you will get a baby   hahahahah
just tell her it wrong and that u noticed that the preps don't like her.
because girls have diffrent feelings for boys.
what is your favorite thing for your girl to do?
golly jee whiz i hope you don't mean incest.
I LOVE YOU AND WOULDN'T WANT NOTHING BAD HAPPENING TO YOU.
and dont try to have sex with her.
If ya give him what he wants then he'll be done with you before ya even noticed.good luck!
all the more reason i dont fall into any kind of relationship at work
what can he do about it without taking any medication??
Just pick the one you l8ike best!
Do whatever she wants - whether you like it or not.
Wonder now why it's hard for some men to trust women....
you wouldn't buy a car without first taking it for a test drive, would you?
if you feel so bad, maybe it was the wrong choice??
Needs to like cooking, even if she can't cook.
make it confusing as hell for her so she figures out what we go through!
CAN SOMEONE HELP ME HERE I BEEN ALONE LIKE 6 YEAR'S IT REALLY FUCKING SUCKS TO LIVE ALONE HERE.?
cause im not willing without it and my boyfriend knos it.
Problem is, she has a girlfriend and she's really kind so, I wouldn't try.
How do u know hes the right one?
You quit staying online so long.
but i have been on it and then some and i find that reality is the best.
Sometimes but I like it romantically too...
!Good Luck in what ever decision you make...
if you do it together then it might not be a scary.
other than the other ladies here i say it matters
I do not hang out with rude people or liars.
Hope i'm that cool when i'm old!
Take care, have fun and be happy.
No, he actually hates you now.
If you don't like him, leave!
IF ANYONE CAN HELP ME THAT WOULD BE VERY NICE IF SOMEONE CAN HELP ME HERE?
The most importand thing is that u have one right name on ur list, 100% right.
HMM 15 -17 PROBABLY IF UVE BEEN WIT THE GUY FOR 2 WEEKS OR SOO OR MAYBE 1 WEEK
i wish i knew cuz i feel the same way
With friends like that, you sure don't need enemies!
Hate myself for that but maybe if the guy she went with was actually worth her...
i knew who the right ones was because.
no, it all depends on how close you are to this person.
a sadist loves pain, a masicist loves to give pain
ASK HER WHY SHE DOESN'T HAVE SEX LIKE THAT WITH YOU.
If that reflects your age...let the fries go, and keep the shake!!
if your younger it could be that, protectiveness
Is it really a big deal or something?
never been to florida, but try mapquest or a directory
If he doesnt want to break up then give him an ultimatum.
take the words beginning from word 6 .. ull know
just do what your heart wants...
yeah, some people including myself use it as motivation
I feel like i'm ready for love.
no i wouldn't  except it      thats sick
i also believe in waiting til you're married so you end up with someone special.
NEVER LEAVE A SITUATION EMPTY HANDED MAKE SURE IF YOU HAVE ROOM THEN BRING IT
why must you dragged a lie out any further.
i would never have sex with some body i don't love.
if you want to make someone love you then simply telling them that you like them won't do shi!t.
and, why is it the best?
too late if he fell for the person u set him up
i don't want this new guy to be a rebound guy, b/c i really like him.
thats about all i will post here,sorry
kiss her like its all you ever want to do because your love for her runs so deep.
Do things that make you happy and feel good inside.
Ask him if he wants to get coffee or something.
he will wonder what else is out there .
Baby, you're my one and only, etc.).
You should feel ashamed and dirty!
some ppl say im sexy and others just say im hott.
or other wise GET OVER IT!!
yelling, screaming, name game, blaming is nothing when it comes to emotional abuse.
Its fun, it feels good, why stop something you're having too much fun doing???
totally depends on the girls whether you deserve a 2nd chance.
U will know very soon how interesting these married men r!
if you are in a relationship with him then seem sad or something and he asks whats that matter?
don't break up another couple so you can have a girl.
It is for my daughter if I ever have one!
For some guys, kids not their own is a bad thing, others don't mind.
oh my goodness this is so happening to me, right now.
LOOK just come out with IF YOU DON'T ASK YOU DON'T GET
only you and eric know that.
YOU NEED TO TURN NOW TO ANY TYPE OF SUPPORT SYSTEM THAT YOU HAVE AND SEEK PROFESSIONAL COUNSELING NOW.
if you've got the money, hell yeah, get it over with and good for you.
Why don't U just get out of the house and meet someone.
If he loved you he wouldn't play a joke on you like that.
my friend tommi she loves her b/f.
write me and i'll email a photo.
live, love and be happy...and yea, have more kids (,)
let him/her get fed-up of annoying you while you just think as if nothing exist.
I think you ruined a good thing.
now i dont know if that is true or not.
where does the passion go after marriage?
Like you're going to get it!
Flirting with other women is not one of them.
but if that fails annoy them to the point that they dont want to annoy you anymore
Perhaps YOU could call and ask him what's up?
you could of told me in person... jeez!
Hey isnt that what we all want a friend that we are in love with.
go 4 it your in love and u wanna b with this person forever
Well if I was u I would had said F***K You and go ahead with my buniness.
(that goes for men and women)
Girl this is something that I want you to remember...  Guys would LIE no matter what you do... Why?
if you want my help we need to speak privately because it's just too dangerous.
woul'd that make the shallow coat like shield go away?
yes SEX is very important in marrage
If not she is just a girlfriend.
it's a chemical reaction :) and sometimes more than that...
Im pretty sure they do if its not an absurd amount (5?)
beacuse they are afraid that they mayn't fullfill their commitment since they have so many burden i.e family,office,girlfriend,friends etc.
Just be careful though cos the other person might take it the wrong way and leave!
one unless you are a jack-ass
In my experience, NO...I wasted two more years of my life trying to stay married.
i can't say i have done it before but know people who did.
u have to touch it really gently.
u could do it in the shower.
just tell him that you really like him ... as a friend.
say hey,_______ i was just wondering what u think of me.
i say DON`T GO FOR HIM!
she hated giving head, she said it hurt her jaw.
Try a few different things & see what works for the two of you!
If you rush into it, it's just not as nice.
(don't forget to be romantic and suave!)
and it depends if theyre really goth (satan worshipping) or if theyre just posers and like the style.
Yes if it says and/or on the title!
Give him a chance because he is a different person.
As long as it's fully covered when u wear your hat you should be ok... ;)
wtf...i agree wit old man n just me...if he is only lookin lol... den dats not sexual abuse!
your kids are going to look great
take it from someone who has made that mistake already!!!!!!
i guess that it's my responsiblity once again.
no but i would with someone elses grandma!!
Oh well, atleast they answered correctly!
body language is sayin or expressing ur felling thru ur body movemnt instead of using ur mouth.
as long as you've got a good personality your alright.
but it all happen when he/she confused whethr he loves u or not.
if its love whats to think about?
me i have 6 dogs i play for the lackland lightnings
she did to me what we are going to do to your fella.
because that is how life is.
Or, if you can't do that, return the gifts and do not accept any more.
Worry less about her, and more about you.
so please help me out idont know whattod
I guess if you die....it was too much.
You might be a 'full steam ahead!'
but if he says no fast without thinking that means he just wants to be friends
you need to go over and talk to them
Tell her or send her roses
the problem is i dont want to lost all of them!
Men cheat because women lie and make altimatums.
so u start sendin mixed messages too!
if you're not with her, then don't worry- chances are you think it's love but it's not.
So I started beating her @$$!
dont u think he will want somebody else when u will become his gf?
Think about that and you will realize you made the right choice.
that's the best thing to do.
No, this is not true for everyone!!
sometimes there are happy ending and then again not.
love is the best feeling yet sucks if it wasn't meant for you!
you cant get over someone that you still spend time with.
don't think about it, just do it!
CHECK FROM WHERE HE CALL LAST TIME
THE ONLY WAY TO KNOW FOR SURE IS TO BE TOLD BY THE PERSON THEMSELVES.
when i asked her if this was good, she told me that she thinks so.
YOu should be asking your self what kind of person are you.
Have breakfast of her when you wake up.
ya,, he would walk out with toilet paper, doughnuts, everything but what he was sent in there for!
nope...i would look for the cure first
yes anyone who says otherwise is just trying not to hurt someone's feelings
and u must know her sensitive points of her body.
use your pretty little mouth, that is the only time my ex would ever really give me a bj.
Its gross like some little girls thing.
I wouldn't have married him right away, though.
the guhs at my school love the blonde preppy bleh.
marrige dont go by age as number you should know what marrige should be and why.
i dont know did he i think that would be very disappointing
you giving her something shows that you were thinking about her which is good.
the girl is a selfish brat lose her and find someone nice.
i guess it would have to be he would be more understanding.
ya that would be a big NEGATIVE!
same reason people don't like being held accountable for there own actions!
you need to read the questions that have already been answered here to get an idea what to do
lol  Good for you for sticking to your guns!
If you are just friends then you will not worry about them becoming involved with someone else.
Never, ever, ever sh1t where you eat...
He says he wants to be with me, but why isn't he acting like it at all?
a girl made me this way.
well, tell em, Let em know.
you should talk to her about it
I think at the end it's not importand how many boyfriends u made to add to ur list.
if yo u are in love it WILL be good.sex is bonus of love and marriage.
take it easy and everything will fall in to place.
I am currently going out w/ some1 that is y i ask
and you can trust your partner!
think of all the bad qualitys of him and imagine him being bad too you
no you should set him strait and continue
we should do the cheating thingy!
its hard sometimes being apart and seeing ur own!
if you really like the guy then do not break up just because other girls are jealous.
Don't go acting like all girls are like that: everyone has different personality.
but it doesnt seem like you redally need that.
I really liked him and knew the relationship would be over if I said no.
The 5 love languages, Chapman Smart Love, Phil McGraw  after that it should be self explanitory.
People always talk about lovers being great friends and what not.
Don't give your phone number and just say it was fun.
but the only person i was the be with is my boyfriend and we have what we call trust.
how they cross they legs, how they stand and walk.
Disgusted with you, but hope you get your life on track!
if u are sure about that it is so easy.
before going out and just doing things like before.
I really liked this guy too.
yes i want to chat any ladies
If u don't know weather u r or not,then u r not.
Some guys want girl to talk dirty to them.
not really, unless its way too big, then ouch!
Same reasons why men do the same.r not serious.
I have w/ my granda, grandma don't smoke
but dont hang out with the wrong crowd.
i think that everything foreign is interesting to me...
but honestly u could give it all you've got.
these are not so close boy and girl friends and meet only in college premises.
You can't force her to like you.
if you ever decide to leave him it will probably nearly like him.
i really want to help you.
Ladies think it is cute... Just DON'T do it in front of their co-workers or friends.
well its the opposite of good lol
no but i think i found a young, shallow, closed minded girl.
or the man being a little to sad down there.?
you should take charge- ask him yourself
how do you know his feelings arent mutual!!!!!!!!
Look at it this way...you are gaining a son!!!
: )  We're not boring...trust me.
Obviously, you don't want to blow up on her.
yes, especially if you know you love them.
try to b frns with her 1st lor...
I CERTAINLY AGREE with jdd3636 on his answer!!
hallo,r u mad u have 2 choose one ,n that,s if u know what love mean,s.
if you use sex to find love all you have is a fling.
if both of u are cheating you shouldnt be together--u guys are looking for different things out there.
of course u won't fall on first sight.
It's like saying, Look at my butt-floss!
i've been everywhere and i have meet alot of girls.
Girl you need to drop him... because he sounds like a trick.
Marriage is not something that you just do because you feel like it...
one of they is kinda iffy.
No one likes to hang out with rude people.
if it clicks and you two really want to do it, then why not.
if it's mutual, all the better!
how do ask a girl to be my girlfriend?
What about finding a cute chubby girl?
my ex's double ex does that, and she never flurts with him
if you sure about this information just get divorced
And by the way u know it better whether you like the guy or not.
you are little weird dude...you ask all this strange questions about 'family'
and she helped me throw a party.
What ever you do, don't set him up to fail, accept him for the great things he does do
theres still rooms you haven't open yet.
when he breaks up with the other girl you can have him .
okay this is good one... Start with sharing fantasies.
If you're trying to be subtle, then I recomend that you make it a 'no big deal' thing.
go out what could be worse
because he doesnt want anymore conversation... WHY?
say ur sorry and hope he wont have been to humiliated
Depends on when he had the baby.
not all guys are the same.
then you say im so stressed, can i kiss you?
I don't think so (father of three)
the love to see them grow and know u as person!
THE BEST THING TO DO IS TALK TO HER.
that's like asking why are men assholes.
The bills, the kids, the jobs, blah, blah, etc.
hmm... touch question... Why dont you send me a pic a lemme decide whether you are or not??
before u ask next time type ur question in search.....this question is asked more than a 1000 times...
so maybe you shouldn't feel so bad at least until you talk to him.
Just leave your email loged on accidentally...and see what happens!
dont come back onto him too quickly, just make sure he knoes ur glad to be back with him.
do u think i'm boyfriend material.
has your guy asked your dad yet?
sort of person, and you could be just as right with that approach as any other.
You just have to have enough balls!
love is life  love, and life would love back you  so love all
Gotta go where the type of man you desire is.
#2 - You're in 8th grade?
hi im 15 and i live in USA-TX how r u
IT CAN BE DONE, BUT IT'S HARD TO TRUST A CHEATTNG INDEVIDUAL,YOU MIGHT FORGIVE BUT YOU NEVER FORGET.
but i know they mostly arent all gay.
no human knows love, only god
and if he think about it.
IF THE CAT IS OUT THE BAG LET HIM MAKE A MOVE.
Not sure but i guess it could mean a three-way: female-guy-female
No glove , no love... he got the point!
Dear what makes u think that married men r boring.
i know my guy like me to lick his nipples and penis.
I don't want to go to the bar and hook up with some guy.
Skinny girls ycuk,  you get that skinny girl taste in your mouth.
Not really........remember what they say .......the fruits of patience are always rewarding!
I THINK U ARE JUST A SEXY BEAST
It's already been said but I'm going to say it again... No glove, no love.
not any more than other people.
i am so sorry i wish i could help.
you say he's giving her what you couldn't .
because you have some hot buns!
If your little sisters like my sister then she is a guy crazy middle-schooler!
if he does say thanks and u see he's a nice one, then u got yourself a boyfriend.
If u r enjoying his love then continue untill u not caught some fresh fish like meeeeeeee.
Plus, you have to know that your daddy is just that, your daddy.
Its getting really out of hand, its affecting my schoolwork, but it won't go away
If you really love this lucky lady.... KEEP IT REAL WITH YOURSELF!
MAYBE HE HAS SOMEONE AND IT'S NOT THE RIGHT TIME.
because your as rare as the blue bearded tit mouse.
But I love her to much to hurt her.
Girls meet different kinds of guys - good/bad, handsome/ugly, etc.
Don't worry...He'll get his chance to be happy with you, too, someday.
First u have to no ur gf like what type of guy.
He's a jerk, U need to drop him like he's hot.
If u give love u'll receive love.
Nah...ask him out...for coffee or lunch or something and talk to him.
Hey, just keep your options open.
There is a girl i like.
If its just on friendship level then No!
well see if your with the right person.
there are tons of fish in the sea though.
my life is over if that is true!!
especially if they become involved with someone?
Say you reserved a table for 2 then go to star bucks or whatever its called
i'd sign up there and browse for people in your area
i AGREE WITH U,PEOPLE LACK COMMITTMENT.
If you ugly, women won't give you any lovin'...
online dating with pictures..you get a backround and you know what they look like
But from what I've heard is that girls like someone funny, caring & honest.
who cares.... all she will be known for is giving he*d to Clinton.
ONE girl at a time is the best bet...
go back to him say sorry-offer to buy him 2 coffies
Just be a man about it and don't ever kiss and tell.
so please i really need some advise on what to do!!!
if you think you are becoming a hoe then you are guilty of being one...
ya..I am 200 yrs old..will this okie for you..lol
well probably if your pretty cool yes well it depends what kind a guy is he
What it means is be careful who your friends are!
So you could fathe rhis children :)
I myself am a devout Christian, I do not have premarrital sex or even kiss.
cause im a boy, believe me, we like something nice, espiacally on first dates and stuff like that.
Sure, if you are a Christian!
for me the hoter are the good ones because they has an altitude that a girl likes.
your bf is stupid tell him ur bi but that u would never do anyting sense ur with him
If he said maybe... it's not worth it!!
the middle finger: for use when annoyed b.)
as long as she loves the woman...love can wait even if it takes forever....
the Asian culture is rich in...what the hell, look at it this way....a billion chinese people can't be wrong....
I just have bad luck when it comes to dating.
If you don't want to have kids...stay single!
Even WITH all that, i have a hard time trusting ANYTHING she says.
how cac I find out my husbands voice mail code?
suppose it depends!.....it could be either she cant get rid of you or she likes being stuck with you!lol
THERE ISN'T A THING LIKE LESSER OR GREATER LOVE.
Because if no sex is involved then it's not illegal, no matter what the age.
forget and walk away he someone elses there are plenty unmarried fish in the sea
youll see what you need and dont need and it makes it very easy!
SURE U CAN E-MAIL ME AT: martha95355@yahoo.com  I can use some male advice too.
forget the other guys for now.
And with the truck, he could pull her horse trailer!
he is too young to think straight.
And how would you marry her?, if your a girl?, but if you do, she'll cheat on you too...
The liberals do it everyday, why can't you too!
If it's CRAP, then FLUSH it.
well why did you break up with them?
it depends... if u r losing it..u will b hurt.. (life is a love...love it)
buy her a bracelette or something you know she has been needing or wanting.
I gave freedom to the person I love and, she didn't have to ask for it!
Why did the two of split?
or is it that she still gives you favors that you don't want to let go of?
we are always fighting and he never helps out with the baby or the house.
ok here is a link where u can find some single chats.....good luck!
would say a long skirt or a nice pants outfit.
you are my pawn and i'll move you how and when i feel like it.
After we're married, and no I wouldn't consider having sex with anyone else.
im really nice i have blond and brown hair i love dogs and soccer and i want a bf
sex is great but tru love is out there.
i like chris brown but he is to young for me
I DONT THINK SO BUT IM 15 MYSELF
not your average joe is attractive to gay guys.
If they do not accept that they are just friends then I break up with them.
dear, there's no such thing as 'love' at first sight.
Because she had a blonde boyfriend!!!
run and tell all your friends to run.
you don't, you can't, you move on and learn from your mistake.. and not make it again
YOU HAVE NOTHING TO WORRY ABOUT.
!..do what you r doing now,acting lyk an innocent..sorry missus,flirting is nature,its ugly wen nurtured
i still love my husband, but only the good not the bad.
I am a well endowed male and would not have it any other way, because women just dig it!
I agree with Rock Nate ... follow your heart - if you truly love him, you will wait!
yur ryt bout chris brown nd bout yur frend yoo shud e mail each oder
what is up with these guys??
Honestly, at your age it might be tough...
Tell him you just wanted to bone.
TRY TO HAVE A FIREND ALONG TO PROTECT YOUR FLIRTY ASSS
I say yes  now are you still looking for someone special to marry ?
that has always worked for me
God, I know what you mean.
one man one woman one marriage.sex is not related to love do not make that mistake.
but do not fight or lie about it.
pick the one you like best and think which one will not dump you soon!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I mean, people who just look at that kind of stuff are stupid anyway.
dont limit yourself to just one.
No man wants a wife who won't cook.
If you have such great sex why would you not want that again?
Duck, John 6271 Sixtconcession North Augusta, ON K0G 1R0 (613) 926-1643
u consider yourself blind in things happening.
first of all you can't make a girl like you.
it is shorthand for a threesome...female guy female...lots of fun too
Personally I dont like it all bald.
be patient we grow out of it and mature.
so you've gotta decide right here and now.
A combination of it.Girls luv a person w/ good heart n at the same tym w/ good looks..........
I have no idea on what to get her!
If he's THAT bad, and counseling isn't an option ... just TELL him!!
so i wish u the best of luck in ur life and ur other half
put some anger behind your voice.
It is OK as long as she isn't a dude!
Sounds like you've got a good chance.
Columbus did and he only sank 1 ship, right?
smile you have a lot to look forward to in life
do you want to sleep with him?
Or maybe some post-partum depression or worried about getting pregnant so soon after just having a baby.
Tell her U WANNA GO OUT WITH ME???
I spent 5,000 on my dress!
The one who makes you feel special, of course!!
wht can u do about it.
u could but wait and think about it
HOW MANY TIMES WILL THIS BE ASKED?!?!?!
yes it is importent in a relationship
first of all, think about the way you act with him.
or a guy who paints his nails and drives a lexus?
Are you being nice to her?
Dude that is what I call LUST...
for religious resons.... there are so many people that are not as strong as you are.
now i've never had this type of connection with another person like that.
look it up in the dictionary!
I don't know if you mean will I ever have an affair or will I ever get over it?
Just to find what my girl friend thinks about me
Boys do it all the time, why not the other way around?
She is going to get jealous of your mom?
simply you go to Usa so that u can get a Wife from USA
LOVE IS AN WARM FEELING INSIDE OF YOU!!!
it will effect on ur next sex session.
If I where you, I wouldn't play his little games.
Be yourself, DON'T ask her how her day was....what if it stunk?
From what im guessing, you just want to talk to a girl?
And I am not donating it!
don't try to make him into something he's already not.
Watch the movie The Wedding Crashers and learn :)
start with.....what if I asked xxx to join us in bed?
Of course  the man that makes me special!
you cant feel it at the moment.
He was jealous, needy, he would get mad if I talked to anyone.
just chill with ur true friends and go shopping.
i startet to become jelous of this guy that she started to be with alot at work.
Can u tell me what would be ur dream girlfriend and her personality.
Should I just dump this girl?
I don't know why she would be so jealous of YOUR SISTER.
well, i dont know about other guys, but its kinda nice to have a lady approach me,
no way flaunt what uve got girl rub it in the other girls faces.
does she love him or even like him for any reason?
ok, i dun care if i sound rude, u need to get this in ur brain.
He gave His life, what more could He give?
I can tell you right now he is an ass hole!
; ) And NO I will NOT share her.
Because you will just have problems.
Children play that game...not the both of you.
You don't know what type of person, but if you keep your personal info.
well if i like the guy and it a romntice night any time
y would ur bro get mad atchu ?
he dribbles... he shoots... he scores... 2 points...
i've clambaked my bathroom w/ my grandma.
wait if you guys are meant to end up together it'll happen
Do yourself a favor and WAIT!
the key thing on a man's mind .
You love your daughter so give her your blessings!!!
Go when u dont have classes,
Guys are just alot shyer these days.
or maybe they like the style.
no matter what ur actual age is, admit what you have done is immature.
16,i wish i would have waiting.
1st of all,dont kiss her if she has had a bad day.
Most young guys I know like dating older women.
C'mon ladies- does penis size really matter?
just relax and be nice (duh)
hmmm yea its true.if u dont mind......wanna kiss u!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i want to say that you are a one of a kind.
i'm sorry, i'm only into lazy lovers and you don't qualify!
i just resently lost my virgnity and i am 17 i waited that long to have sex.
when you find free time win some money then buy the books but dont miss out on your classes.
i dunt understand ur question man
just say  i just want to now!Do u like me as a friend or something more?
she'll find out in the long run just like i did.
i couldnt sleep and she said she loves me but shes so confused and she started to cry.
HMMMMMMMMM I THINK YOU MIGHT BE GAY.
even though you know that you need to.
That would probably make it all ok.
i think reaky yes, maybe  he was busy, take it easy.
if she's got bail money, she fine by me.
DO NOT tell her anything negative about your wife, EVER.
how do i get her to forgive me for this misdeed done?
when you regret doing it after ur done.
b. listen to your heart :p c. listen to your hormones.
Just see her in person and tell herlook!
is he alot older than you?
of corse it depends on what relation u r looking for .
Wear a sign that says Hi!
I don't believe in playing games, I hate when guys do that to me.
(or w/e)   p.s gurl how old r u ?
Try to watch her to see what kind of things she likes to do, watch, talk about, eat, etc.
